Type: Magical Acessory
Build: gold stud earrings
Status effect: When worn in one user's  left ear and anothers right ear and both are within 30 meters of eachother, both will fuse together. Both parties' personality vectors will add up and then get normalised to length 1. For example: if someone with an ENTP ego and another person with an INTJ ego fuse together, they will basically complete ego integration in one fell swoop. They will basically become perfectly balanced. Yet if they are young and both reckless in their own ways, for example, that will still persist. But whatever traits complement eachother will become perfectly matured. if two ENTPs fuse, they will become MORE ENTP. You get it. Both users' experiences will coexist but, with a new active memory, it will be like both just became siamese twins. Both their psyche paths will converge. And analogous things happen with their physical strength, cognitive talents, generational habits, musical taste, etc.
If the fused person goes to sleep, when it wakes up they will unfuse! And because I dont wanna give much thought, once again, lets just say they can spam it. Oh! There is a catch I came up with right this second: It has to be a FULL sleep cycle.
And...
Before fusing, two people need to have had a full meal at most 9 hours prior, otherwise, the fused person will feel extremely groggy for as long as it remains, either alive or fused. Oh! And fusions cannot recurse. 

Personality Vectors:
Like... if one personality is (0,1) and the other is (1,0) (hypoth. Xample), the fused person will be (sqrt(2)/2, sqrt(2)/2) thats what I meant with the personality vector

(2 lazy to come up with uneven Xamples @ a bench @ the park. Thanks ChatGPT) 

"Say Person A has a personality vector of (0.8, 0.2) (meaning they are much stronger in one trait), and Person B has a vector of (0.4, 0.9). When you add them:

(0.8 + 0.4, 0.2 + 0.9) = (1.2, 1.1)


After normalizing, the result will be a vector like (0.74, 0.68). So, while the two traits are balanced compared to their original state, they’re not equal—the fused person will have slightly more of one trait than the other, depending on the original proportions." - ChatGPT


This is what happens! Xcept with An almost infinite number of dimensions

Possible misconceptions addressal:

All Personality vectors, from every sentient being of respective species, are length 1 at the beginning. Its all about ratios.

But....if both people are very reckless... they will become EVEN More reckless together


It does not optimize anything... it adds up and normalises. (It amortises traits rather than optimizing). 