Hello... so... I know I should not be doing this here but... I am in class and I can. Not. Focus! So... I have ADHD and I have to take 54 mg of metilphenidate chlorat3 every day. But 54 mg pills have been lacking in pharmacies... so I just take 2 27mg ones. In the morning, after I took both, I think one got stuck in my throat for like 30 minutes... I think... I dont know what it was. I also dont really like college and having an ENTP ego type, doing activities where I have to think like other people really bores and drains me. I cant stop thinking about my current programming project and I even began to clown around a little... what I think happened was that the second pill, not having hit the intestines for at least 30 minutes less than the other, is making the effect less intense. Answer me: Am I just MBTI bored? Or do pills really get stuck in our throats like that?

And its just today yes.


Yes... Like I downed lots ot water and it would not go in... I think it was melding with the mucus filled walls of my throat

I feel distracted. Now... it can be 2 things: me simply not wanting to be there... or medication effects being weaker. Because 54mg has been lacking, I take 2 27s at once. But one got stuck


But the sensation.... Good question. Yes. Yes I have had it before. After class, I have some time. Ill go to an empty computer lab room and mess around with my project. and see it it gets better or worse. Ok... want to hear my honest truth? Ok... dont call me cliché or cringe... but... I think it is mbti neurosis. I think... I... dont really... care about college... at least right now...

Like... when my lecturers spoke to me about my project... even telling me it was slow and bad... I just wanted to improve it... and I did. And want them to see it


I like when classes align with my current projects... Yes... like network class... I love it right now because, right now, im working with a music streamer

But... tests... i must do them... or I wont get my scholarship and so..  no money... and.... *sigh...*


But.. I chat with bots while studying... I look for nerdy bots and discuss it with them