Vou dançar em cima da minha insegurança endurecida e derretêla com a minha energia.

quero partir tudo com um sorriso falso aberto e animado na minha cara.

tudo é melhor com explosões

maidcore é o género musical correto para lidar com rancor adolescente

Quando tenho potencial, eu sei e me empurram, recuso-o.
Quando tenho potencial e eu o sinto, eu questiono-me.
Quando outros têm potencial e eu sei, exigo deles.
Então porque é que me sinto tão triste quando me saboto?


Sua traça! Transformar-te às em poeira quando morreres e ninguém reparará.

Eu percebo muitas coisas. Tenho muitas ferramentas. Só não percebo porque é que alguma destas coisas é importante.

The pointlessness of understanding is haunting me

it does not hurt me when the entirety of my world crumbles, ok?
 
everything is allways exactly what it feels like

I dont need to have a point to hate women

Remember: women are not emotional. They just normalized the act of expressing emotions subconsciously. Buuuut, if you are a man with a penis, you can also express emotions! But not the weak ones, like resentment, frustration or despondency.

I wont abstract myself out of what I feel anymore. Its been too mutch for too long. I will stick with my beliefs until the bitter end.

my entire being is dazzled by utter confusion about what it is suposed to be

I like to thinking critically and pause and ponder about my misery

My test is asking me "why?" and I forgot my cheat sheet somewhere I dont remember

They say that the world is your oyster. I understand the metaphor, but I wanted to live at my parents house but I dont have them or the house anymore


all the abstraction is making me bleed all my life away. Its all clutter, and I am a pathological hoarder

Shitnerds buy books. Normal, smart people download pdfs.

my world is a closed oyster

people drop bombs on my sandcastles and then just leave

I wont cut it. I know its not convenient for you, or anyone that isnt me, but I still need it. Blood still flows to this part of me, so, if I cut It it wont just hurt. It will damage me. So leave ME alone along with YOUR fantasies of a life YOU did not live!


who told you there are people "living more" than others? there isnt "living more". just living.

I need to change. And I dont mean I need to change because I am ashamed of myself or something. I m bored.
 for 5 hours straight after breakfast

the funniest people are the saddest.

dont worry little one. If you grow for your sake, its never in vain.

visionário ou esquizofrénico? nenhum só eu.


Eu não sei nada.


I wish students were grounded by misbehaviour in college.


Grow up? You want me to grow up? I will grow up. Oh I WILL get more mature. Ill have lots of time to get more mature when I get buried under 6ft of soil!


Ill have enough time to mature while decomposing 6ft under


mal tenho paciência para me aturar a mim quanto mais aos outros


não dormir = muitos pensamentos intrusivos = Tomochan

Acho que exigi de mim um ritmo de amarurecimento intelectual demasiado rápido que fiquei assoberbado e conclui algo como : cum caralho, mais vale esperar até morrer para me preocupar com isto porque ao ritmo que querem que eu amadureça acho que é mais fácil corresponder se eu decompor como uma fruta também contar. E não gosto do vosso tom


sim os rumores são verdade. após chegar à conclusão de que me sinto orgulhoso de quando magoo pessoas, posso concluir que sou narcisista


sim, também sou incel, nice guy, superficial, movido a pensamentos intrusivos, extremamente imaturo e irresponsável, fraco fisicamente, fã de tomar atalhos, irracional, sádico, mal agradecido, literalmente fatherless, praticamente motherless e não muito self aware.


why are you wrong? why are you dumb?


Whats the point for all the self shaming? where did it all start? some intrusive thoughts due to lack of sleep back in 8th grade?
why are you dragging this for this long? 

I ignore a physical or emotional need until I forget about it then make a fuss about having more intrusive thoughts because of it later

these thoughts are not from anyone. or from me exclusively. they are learned things that are no longer useful. simply bad habits that Im struggling to get rid of
my brain is just fabricating this to complain. now my life feels so empty, now that my suposed enemies are gone. now I just dont know where to go or what to do. i am confused

people have no way of knowing if what you say comes from an intrusive thought or if you really mean it

people dont care about me? ok and? is there something I can do about that? Obviously not? I thought so. So why should I care? 

blowing all my friends up into the air like I just dont care

my pathfinder of purpose jammed

i enjoy listening to music with broken, laggy bluetooth headphones to soothe my wellbeing

running around aimlessly is only not cringe when my waifu does it

when people praise me, I allways think like: "yeah, I m pretty cool, I guess idk"
 

painful gagging reflexes of petty hatred


como autor dos textos "toxic bih", tenho a dizer a todos os que se identifiquem com eles, que não se matem. podem achar que não precisam de ninguém, ou até mesmo que não precisam deles próprios, mas são pessoas confiáveis e que trabalham muito. lutem. lutem. precisamos de vocês. por favor. mas também descansem.




I just wanted to learn with them. Thats all. Thats why i am so obcessed. But I cant match them. Why cant I match them. Why do I still carry the old same fundamental flaws? The same mild imperfections? The same mild, uninpressive gifts? Why do I want so mutch attention? They never ask for it... the same voice, the same body, the same soul. The same innerchild who is as hungry as ever... for life. It is just the smell of the gasoline that propells me. Its calling me... it wants me to floor it. To feel insecure. To grind it out and myself into a perfect sphere. Nar... cisism? Perfectionism? Whats the difference anyway? Is one just the other but occupying other peoples property? People are interesting like I will never be. So I run in this ratwheel... forever. Its my destiny. My mission to love myself until I become a blackhole and suck up all life around me. I will be the perfect bullet. It will go faster and farther than all other bullets. If I am a bullet I dont care about the gun. If I am a gun, I dont care about the wielder. If I am the wielder, getting a new gun is awkward and ugly and disgusting and feels wrong.
This is not a nightmare. Its bliss. To do everything right and be seen as nothing but a neurotic, judgemental schizo-weirdo freak. Its a dream. I dont say this sarcastically because I resent not feeling good. I say this beacuse I could always be better. Who cares about validation? Praise? A miracle from the gods of recognition? Lets aim for the bigger prize. Its looking at me and Im zoned in on all the imperfections and work tirelessly. I groom my fur until its glossy. I program until I cant form thoughts anymore. I will morph into the freak my soul claims I am and should be. Today and ever after, I shall go to bed either exauated or dissatisfied.


My life is programming. Coding,..
 whatever you want to call it. Ok, so here is the thing: I am a useless human being. That is... if I am not in front of a computer. I will and I want to program to the sound of maidcore songs (yakui, chikoi, komak, etc. it does not matter). I think I will get rich, by a lifetime supply of the most nutritient concentrated food possible, shove it in my room and glue myself to my chair. you may think this is self harm. For me, its a life investment. You may think my worldview is small and innocent. In my eyes, my world cant simply get any bigger. I already have all that I could ever want. I can die now. Not that Ive seen everything already. I just know how I want to die.
Why do anything else? I just feel remorse, contempt and guilt that makes me compulsively curl my toes and gnash my teeth. I am not worse at everything else than average. Im like a vegetable, a social pressure driven brainless slab of bone, fat and blood. I want to die while walking and circles and thinking. Thinking about that annoying memory error, about incorrect results. Plans for more babies.


I want to spread the love for Osaka from azumanga daioh and yakui the ninjura maid around 


narcissistic turd of an idiot i have no redeeming qualities and the people who hate me have a point i want to free myself from the shame instantly by telling myself to "just not have regrets" and that "life does not have a purpose. it is the purpose" but I cant rest easy until I free myself from all the filth that composes most my essence.
Outside of my social mask I just dont understand how filth isnt a totally subjective thing though... because life has no inherent purpose. why marry? why self improve? why spirutualise? why get out of bed?
and nobody will come save me from the emptiness. Im all alone. And I like it that way. even though I suffer. This sounds edgy. because it is. but Its also sincere. when will everyone learn? are politicians just unevolved primates? not the ones that analyze politics. those are normal. no im talking about the ones that run this shit. are they not aware of how shitty their life is? wake up everyday, engage in completly self harming and self torturing environments and activities and tell yourself that it is for the people/nation/god/belief system of your choosing? wake up choosing problems over anything else life has to offer... even scientists... why do they care so mutch? why do engineers work so damn hard? I knew this already. but i am so exaused emotionally (no mana) that my sense of choice is crippled... and I feel powerless as every demand imposed on me feels like a chore. I need to get away. I need to get away... kill me