Title: Clonidine.
Genre: ADHD Death metal with schizo vocals.
Type: Musical Single.
Vibe: I dream longing for connection, for grounding, for calibration, yet also new sensations and creations! I hold on for dear life as My brain rips common sense to shreddings. Living in the clouds I am king! For fun I yearn! Stability I need! Bashing my head into walls! make it stick! make it bleed! Feeling like a mess, I miss my deadlines, I miss my friends, I miss my family, I miss my inner peace! I sold it all out to prove a point! Too impatient! Too restless! Too empty! Too insecure! Too bratty! Getting my shit together? stagnating just to remind myself I am a mess? So I repeat shit everyday holding on for dear hope! hope in my ability to fly! but how so if I never use my wings? Forcing myself into restraint for a month, cold turkey! In life, as an adult I am a rookie! All my peers, all my colleagues while adulting and carving a path in the earth, in society, they are all tough cookies! Except for me, of course, still green and rusty! So In my sleep, I dream of my family! How much of a mess I am! In this ruthless, chemical, stagnant, polluted river of enforced tidyness that I live in, The bodies around me keep piling! all the friends, hopes and connections that I crave for, all lost due to my inner thrill junkie! Yearning for stress, adversity and challenge, skipping studying while my scholarship, my survival income slips away, as I hold on, day and night! Tripping on logs in this dark forest and indulging in my pure, unregulated energy, surrounded my all my toys and theories, I crave for a friend, a peaceful presence, in the tornado that my life has become. So I go online on the subreddit r/sillyboyclub, the most desperate place on the internet of the earth and ask: "Hey! Any one wanna chat rn? :3 I promisse I will probably not discard you like some play thing when I am done looking at you! (plss halp meh i have no sense of responsibility I dont even know if I care about my family or which friends are good, bad, toxic or important all my mind is is a sugary, molten, creamy mix of orgasms, vibing, fun, toys, "aw hell naw thats crazy ong", creations and an identity split in hundreds.)" My family? do I care? My course? Do I care? Myself... So I explore and explore to find nothing. I dig and dig and dig, break my shovel and go home. No reason. No meaning. Just a vapid, vain, cold breeze over an empty steppe with 3 sheep and a naked tree. All I have is dopamine. All I have is dopamine. All I have is dopamine. Dead bodies of non existant dreams. My purpose in life is to be a "Nuanced yapper". All my creations are toys made of talent, passion but no purpose. Logic, fun but no meaning. All I do all day is create toys for fun. My man cave full of trash, dust, lice and spiders. "Everything is *in a place*" Sure... Take me to dubai. People are just richer. Take me to the favela. I guess the air is hotter. Take me to a californian casino. You know... that fits me well! Dont know what I like! Dont know what to believe. Dont know what is bad! Compliments are useless if there is no one home. "Live the life you want!"? Those are tasty words I cant live up to. Always funner, always newer, always cooler. Fun, cool, new. Fun. cool. new. Fun. Cool. New. Fun. Cool. New. More toys for the pile. More purpose I missed out on. More holiday days. No dedication. No struggle. Just fun, dopamine and cum. Even forget what nation I live in, sometimes. What year I am in. What century. What millenium. My mind is a gmod server, with over 1000 players. None of them are real btw.
Funcrushing on my crush!
"Hey crush thing! I want your agression. I want your wit. I want it all for me. Teasing and breaking my mind and bones with glee" 
"Really?"
"Yes! Mommy please! Show these fuckers what to do to twigs like me!". 

In the grippy sock tornado I grab my computer for stability!
I dont need friends, I need consistent futility!
Tingling on my body! Soup on my sugar! 
Pizza on my protein shake!
Homework a suggestion!
Tranquility a fairy tale!
Human camera catching his whole life crumbling! 
Learned it from momma!
Oh! That and also rotting and cumming!
Came out the womb drunk!
Got spat out tumbling!
Always distracting myself with some dumb joke!
Im screaming my lungs out because today I had a stroke!
The billions of mes looking for a spot to sit!
My isolated ass looking for connections to slit! 
Abomination mangled together without a plan.
No attachment. No meaning! No point in living!
Itch on my skin for something to peel it! 
Make me feel it!
Extract my organs with a tuna meat sampler! 
Dont need em!
Trade em at the market for one deer antler!
Getting too stupid from looking at her rack! 
Use all your 3 neurons and scrub em till they crack!
Losers!
My wheels sinking deeper into gravel!
Get over here and witness me unravel!
College: a sweaty, tepid shitnerd nest!
Voice delivery flatter than emo girl chest! 
Living free of tax and rent inside your upstairs city!
Im in your city! I am in your city! 
Cant shake me! 
Cant take me! Cant make me quit!
Even while groggy I can shred you with wit! 
Everyone shut up! I cant take it anymore! 
Today I learned Im a bit like C4! 
Quit nagging me or Ill turn into gore!
My entire future feels sturdy like rust!
My very soul getting scraped into dust!
Go ahead! Tell me!
I know I should get over it!
My whole issue is I am lost without Moovit!

But...

Although my brain strains...

My soul relentlessly pains...

And from my redded eyes it rains...

Through suffocating still motion...

Catastrophic, chaotic emotion...

And neverending confusion...

My utmost kept secret is this unyelding delusion.

That from every clifftop there is a hanging rope...

To which clinging to will lead to hope...