Title: Dysphoria (Yakui the Maid text description)
Author: Me
Genre: Moderate, not-too-pacey Synth rock.
Type: Musical Single.
Vibe: Its a saturday. 9:23 am. Just woke up. Cloudy skies. Chilling morning breezes through window shutter slots. My body barely contained by the thin sheets that envelop me. Checking my phone, debating getting out of bed. I then stay in bed some more time... mulling over vague nonsense, vague memory random garbage data my amygdala is sifting over... Producing hazyness, stomach acidity... a sensation akin to... ADD... because I still havent taken my meds. The amygdala still stifing through my memories for... a way to get me out of bed. Random blobs... clouds... vague chemical blurrs of atmospheric static bubble through my system... without a goal... broken apart from my essence... fragmented. Blobs of colorless, odorless, tasteless, harmless, heavy gas inside my every joint, muscle and tissue... making me shiver... making me randomly lose confidence... my nervous system making my hormones hit emotional combos... enemies, friends, crushes, forgotten family members a shopping bag, a pack of ruffles, a table... making me lost. Making me question anything verbally formulable. Without depth... without care... without thought... without direction... without effort... wirhout purpose. "Why is the word "why" so short? Why is darkness a bad concept for us? Why is the sun always shining? Why do phones exist? Why is music so addicting? Why is football and sports so shallow? Why are enemies important? They are mean to us..." The sun... shining, making me feel even colder... even more stagnant. Cold, dusty, milky, sticky water running through me....with the flavour of bathroom tap water from a café sink. My body a myeloma stuffed burrito sauced with expired, warm, soft drinks and  polluted well water. Cold, trickster Autumn sun with no energy. Star so dim... I hate saturdays. No will. Not a care in the world. My entire skin shivering. My muscles fighting for any sort of change. Still... worn down, stalemate with cracks and awkwardness. The blankets feeling tempting, but also futile. Thin blankets no longer keep heat in. Dissipating like metal. In bed I wish I could stay. So much better than moving around and existing. I wish the cold would go away. "Get away! Im the cold hearted killer king slayer of darkly dark darkness dark house of psychopathic neurological broken killers of dar-" Random, neurological nonsense runs through my frontal lobe. Hormonal metabolic excretions run through my senses. My thoughts barely actionable. "Lets make this the best day! To prove them wrong or something!...... uhhh.... Im gonna show them all today!....... uhhhh... uhhh oh! Im gonna achieve GOAT status cuz im the goat!...... *sigh...* uhhhhh..." Boots open youtube to find funny shorts. The first ones make my brain enough pump dopamine. So I get out of bed... finally... I reach for my clothes... sweaty. "Sweaty? But... its so cold! What?" So I take them off....they let off pungent bodily stenches that condense into murky water dropplets from the cold. I reach for a new one, new pants...and, during all this time, pacing around my room thinking about absolutely anything tangible, articulable, specific or actionable. My mind a pure haze. The bubbles of gas.... I let out in slow 'sigh's, my soul escaping me with every breath, every awkward movement... every tiny gesture. So... as I make my bed... I prepare for a new day. Throughout the morning, I feel the cold of my shoes, of every surface I touch... my hands shivering with bitting sensivity to the air, every body part I touch a different temperature. Running my hands through my legs does not register. Touching my face feels like touching mildly unheated, supermarket fried chicken. through my legs but no humidity around me to rationalize this groggy feeling that coarses through me. Nothing matters. Everything should stay. Nothing sucks. Everything should just disappear and go away. I dont know and I dont understand... anything. My mind and body chilling... as we approach 11:30 am... every little thing too annoying to ignore... the slight urge to pee 3 minutes after going, the unexplainable shivers I feel for no reason... my innards like a rainy, empty coastal beach in the winter....full with the wooden debris, the construction trucks fetching its sand... the humidity, the salt, the hazyness, the despondency. My face clear and clean... not even a small scar for me to mull over about, expression moodless and pale. But also... every little thing too big to act on. My untied shoelace, either forgotten or not even bothered with, my unfinished homework, my dirty laundry. My tear fountain, empty. The heat of my body dissipating. My soul fading out. My energy fading. This... is dysphoria. Pure confused, nuance absence. Its from me. The anthem of the pit of confusion, where nothing follows logically from anything. Where no ammount of premisses entails anything. No fact suggests anything. Nothing anywhere never. Just a gas flowing through my mind doing nothing. A gas that long ago escaped my soul and is wandering wherever. My eyes look forward and see an ultra sharp, HD photo. Every nut and crevice....every warp... every grain from the texture of every surface of dry wall inside my room. 
Looking up at the morning chilling sky... despondent morning. Groggy reasoning. Fake motivation. Attempted energy. Failed execution. Brevity of warmth. Elusiveness of clarity. Ice teeth. Magma soup. Liquid nitrous from the tap. My hands made of brittle metal. My head spinning. My refluxing stomach growling and spitting vomit. My tear glands sown shut.


*Author notes*


Bandcamp ahh text

Mostrei a uma amiga: Iris.
A minha amiga Iris achou muito fixe, immersivo, lindo, poetico e vivido, palavras que reserva para poucos. Que
Sou bom a textos atmosféricos. Dito por uma undergrad de filosofia que basicamente lê para viver.
Disse que gostou muito mais dos meus textos do que alguns livros best seller... que lhe dão "vontade de vomitar"
Sinto-me melhor. Muito melhor. Isto era algo que queria mesmo ser capaz de transmitir