Type: Musical Single
Author: Lara, Komak the Maid, Yakui the Maid, Leyla, Filipa.
Genre: The same as the guys who produced it, as it is a cover we made for fun. Its basically a chill rock, without much movement, but with a rythm that you easly feel on the palate. It has solid pace, not much guitar. More singing that instruments.
Title: Klaxons - Echoes (Vocal cover)
Vibe: Winds of change... the body that feels aching, after going through war. The chips of wood that fall from the sky after the fire. The rubble that creeks and cracks after the earth shakeup. The feeling of longing after a good dessert. Those are echoes. Echoes that do not ripple onward. Those are tides. The ripples that go backward are echoes. The insight after the prediction. The nostalgia after the onset. The chirping of birds in the morning at the window after a restless night of work at a college assignment. In that assignment, you decide to grab a sandwich and call it a day before heading off to bed. Not even washing your teeth... with a lingering feeling of satisfaction... wether successful or otherwise. The way the body feels... the way my nerves hum, my eyes tremble, heavy... the dysphoria in my body... cold... lethargic. The cynnicism... the overanalysis... the emotional detachement yet... the pride of all that was done to that point. The feeling of just spreading your body, mechanical starfish, on the bed... after the strain... the urgency... the rush and the speed, the demanding. But now, you can finally rest. The latent emptyness sticking to your mind like a limpet to the mossy rocks at the beach... in a cold winter, just after noon. No people in that beach... just the wood carried by the overall stormier waves, bringing wreckage from far away... reminding you of what would have happened if you kept going just... a little bit longer. But no. You wont. You wont keep going. You Musnt. You must now rest. You must recover. Who knows how long it will take. Who knows if you are neglecting something important. Who cares. What matters is that you are now spent. With your life flashing before your eyes... reminding you of all the sweetness you lived. And even what was not sweet, but with gratitude. The way you pace around your room, at night, just before laying down, listening to echoes from a recent reality. Now... your reality is... youre tired... and you must stop. Because your mind is dirty with the emotional and chemical metabolism of creativity, and your muscles are sore and worn from the acid of anaerobic respiration. The way your mouth feels. It feels nice. The saliva... it has *that* level of thickness. The food tastes a special way... while every bite brings up a few echoes you almost forgot about. You look at the window. Its morning now. And the floor feels cold beneath your sock covered feet... and your body chilled beneath your pijama covered skin. November, morning sun. Winter sun that watches over those who rest, and wait for the next time to take action. For the next big idea that *must* happen. But you dont do that. You place the dishes back in their place after washing with the freezing water from old pipes... in this old, run down college residence... due for demolition in a few months time, you head into your room, snuggle under the blankets... close your eyes and fall asleep. Echoes... from the inner world, remind you of the horizons... that were approaching ever closer. Echoes... from the underworld, pull you downward, towards slumber
