Title: Dante & Hema the Maids - 私たちは、存在するすべてを理解していません。  (vocal monologue cover by Jaqueo)

Genre: Fast, but slowing Heavy Metal

Type: Musical Single

Vibe:
I feel like my day gets worse and worse... Every attempt at connection rejected. Every breath shallower than the last... every setback driving me further into impatience and paranoia. The sleep deprivation distilling me into confusion and uncontrolled thought and disorientation. The food goes in and comes out. Memories of every passing moment vanishing as quickly as they come. When the day began, I thought I had slept well... but no. yet another sleep deprived day. 3 hours "tonight". Havent showered in days. Havent cleaned my room. There is this nauseating smell and it doesnt leave my walls. it doesnt leave my soul. My friends feel it whenever they visit me. And I loathe myself for it. I loathe myself for making them live in the rats nest that is my world. My world of fake confidence and paranoia. Of narcissism and appearances. Gutwrenching stench of the raw meat inside my muscles thats rotting. Inside my bones thats atomising. Disappearing and rotting. I woke up and was in a good mood. But... I kept telling myself everything was fine, that I could focus, that the medications only needed to settle before I could do anything productive. But then... the impatience started taking over. Every decision second guessed and replaced. Every whim getting overtaken every other second. I try to keep everything under control... but I can barely crawl on top. My armies forced to retreat from everywhere... every expectation subversed. My actions way too weak to matter. I can only break. I feel awkward, powerless... I feel pathetic like never before. My friends visited my room to see my game mods... but... they could not enjoy. They did not understand. The art that I wrote... I thought it was good. Well... it wasnt. it wasnt. I hated it. Even though people keep telling me its fine I still hate it. And I planned on enjoying being the character I had just extended. But now it just feels like wearing ripped clothes. Its not the same... And while all of this goes on... my weapons become empty... my muscles become tired... I become surrounded by my unfulfilled dreams for today, tomorrow and next week. What an unproductive day! but I must keep smiling, the tough act and all the vain courage to make it through. I must make it through. and I must suceed at all costs. Nothing ever really sticks when you are tired. Nothing ever really feels meaningful. You can do nothing right. You cannot please anyone including yourself. Yet you fight desperately... wondering... during the whole time: "Why not... just stay in bed?"
Hmpf... fuck what a terrible day... what Am I doing? Why am I fighting this person? I havent been able to get enough sleep for days... I feel more and more surrounded every day... every sound feels like a micro panic attack... my thoughts clouded and wrong... my actions... my body creaky and uncoordinated... my head numb... my eyes hurting...

Then all the enemy forces call in the mortars... already close to the main bases... I scream at them: "DO SOMETHING! I DONT CARE WHAT! USE CHILDREN! USE WOMEN! USE THE ELDERLY! I DONT CARE! KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!" I must do everything to keep myself running. Shouting... forced hyperactive giggling... I must not crumble. I must go on... They cant find me here... not like this. I must escape somewhere safer. Let me survive just one more day. Please. Just one more day.
This is it... the last fortifications are down. Im gonna go out there and wave the flag to them This land is theirs now. I give up. I cant go on anymore.

This is a message for me in the future- if there is one: Sometimes in this life... its all just too much. its all just clearly too much. 
Too much to fake. 

Too much to do. 

Too much to resist.

Too much to adapt. 

Too much to think and match. 

Too much to compare and understand. 

Sometimes we are made of the wrong materials. Sometimes we are destined for innevitable failure. 

No matter how much we do or ask of ourselves. it wont go away. The stench of rotting. 

Of the vitality I stripped away from my friends and mentors and is now rotting in my stomach... wasted in this carcass of a body. 

The gas inside my eyes prevents me from crying... the glaciers in my throat prevent me from speaking. 

The cold shivers from my body sew me into the ground. My hands feel like they are made of raw, unprepared chicken. I cant feel them. Theire still there, right? I shake them... they feel like socks. Socks Im just using as puppets.

My eyes wide like a squid's. I feel as hollow as one too. Just floating in the endless abyss... choking the life away from the people that care. 

Destroying the gifts they give me with my voracious, rotten teeth. Falling and falling. Until I stop telling light from dark. Top from bottom. Left from right. And my limbs stop working. 

And my head capitulates. 

My body ceases to pulse with the life given to it ought to keep from fading. 

My eyes turn black and metalic. My knees buckle from the sheer ammount of shivering. 

The Last stand no longer is. It now is pain. 

All I am... is pain. 