Type: Musical Single
Author: Filipa
Title: Klaxons: Gravity's Rainbow (Vocal cover.)
Genre: Chill upbeat rock... cant really describe it.
Vibe: "Come with me, come with me! We will travel to infinity! Come with me! Come with me! Come with me! We will travell to infinity!".
I woke up in the last day of a weekend. Sunday. The dawn of a week. It was rather rainy during the morning. I woke up in the afternoon. The ground outside was slippery, reflective, Like a ray tracing benchmark, like That snooker ball set render that shows in those performance computer reviews. I am getting "Real life senses" Fps right now. Shiny, colorful, yet textured, as it had been raining for quite a while now. The browness of the wood the trees let out. The pine cones. The distant wind. The "Pinga tolos" that falls all round, tickling my hair and body. I get out of bed. Take breakfast. Oat meal, fruits... and an omlette. I wash the dishes, get kitted up. I wanna play football today. I bring my ball with me. To travel to infinity. So I deploy it and begin dribbling. I plan on dribbling to the pitch where the team trains. Too bored. Dont care about the rain. So I keep going. I keep having to dodge lots of puddles... leaping with the ball on my feet. I speed up, starting to leave squirts of water behind me as I step on the ground with the intensity of a respectable jog. Finally... I arrive. Its rather rundown... Lots of memories here. I know each pothole, each humidity stain on the sides of the concrete stands. There are puddles in the entrance to the lockerooms. A massive blob of mud near the home goal. As I asked for the keys to the stadium entrance gates yesterday from coach, I now have acess to training equipment. I open the cabinet where we store the cones and kits... I put on mine... my cleets and then my shorts. I had to get on panties because, first of all: There is absolutely no one here... (Ok I am lying... there was a pickup truck passing by some trails that run alongside the track and field sections of the stadium and... I used psychic powers... and he saw me... Welp... who cares). Anyways... I get out some cones... a few soccerballs. I begin by doing some streching, my legs... my shoulders... move my wrists and knees... get some cracking action going on in my fingers... then setting the cones I got from the cabinet in either vex of the halfway line and begin a quick warmup. I am now done. Then I get out my ball... and start practising shooting. I am quite in shape... as we are going through a busy period in the football calendar. I get some nice goals in... having to still go get the ball from far away each time... as the net is worn down and there are holes in the upper corners, because some attachments fell off. At some point... I stop caring and begin bringing the ball back with telekinesis... Then sit on the wet grass... with my legs spread out and arms extended and hands slightly behind me, supporting my sat up body in the mud. I look up at the sky... the sky is grey... there is a blueish hue around me... some thunder every few minutes... in the distance... some cars going by on the asphalt on this remove village... kicking up water and making the typical "swooshing" noise from the tires... with springling. Then I get up... and to finish off the day, I do some freestyling. No one around to see me... but still focused, I take the ball to my right, dom foot, kick it up... start juggling. Then After about 5, keepie-ups, I do two around-the-worldies in a row, resuming juggling. I do this sequence... as it puts me in a trance... its relaxing. Then... after I am done, I return everything to the proper place, close the stadium gates... and leave.
