Type: Edit.
Target: Vinicius Jr.
Length: 1 minutes 34 secs
Title: I stole some Lightshow to feed my Ballon d'Or
Author: ??????
background song: I stole some Witchhouse to feed my Pirozhki - Yakui the Maid
Vibe: Its me Vinnicius! The jr one! Cant shoot! Cant think! Cant dress up no princess! Cant speak motherfucking spanish! What? Aint Heard the news? dont believe? Dont worry, as I have eyes and what do they see? I keep winning! Ever since I was little, just shredding! Pop a pass to my buddy Benzema! Hes good!
Sup its me Benzema! The GOAT's Co GOAT in crime! I dribble them dumbasses in a second! Pry em open like a cheap pack of fries!
Pass that crap to my friends! Juddy and Vinnie, getting em jumbled, confused and dazed! So just back down if you are that shy, as Keeping track of hornets will only get you stung, so dont even try! Get shit done no UCL! With this team! And also my other friend, Juddy! The GOATs little sistah!
Sup nerds! Me Bellingoal in the house making storms in our enemies' heads no psychic! Reading them like yellow, stale papyruses, no academic! Their moves been in football 101 for years! In Textbooks and I aint skipping class ever! Specially when teacher is Mr friendship, our godfather! The best coach! 
Hello Gentlemen. Its me. Ancelotti. An old timer teaching power of friendship to young blood. Powering them up like anime! Formatting them into warriors! People say Im soft! But the fact is: they teach tactics. I guide Men.
And the reality is: Im winning and their not, so just shut up, get down and glaze, because this old man is still hungry and cooking, setting world football ablaze. *Mic Drop*
.... Damn that was intense. Ill pick up dont worry.
Its me again. The GOAT comming with a mandato por respeito from this niggas who keep yapping about playing football, but the reality is that all they see is color. Military incapable swarm of brainless turds making me feel unlovable but while they yap, I score. So... just cut the crap and hand it over. I own that ballon D'Or.
