Type: Musical Single
Title: Mikihaus- Thrift Store Gold
Author: Adriano Valente (ft. Flora) (Reflective, Lyrical Prose, vocal cover)
Genre: Goofy Lo-Fi
Vibe: This sound sounds like... when you are still deep asleep very. Very early in the morning. You barely slept all night. Winter... still dark outside. Cold. No cars on the streets just wind. Wind Wrapping itself around the foliage of city trees, buildings and cars. Not even the street lamps are on. You are currently around 5 years old and at this point you no longer sleep with a night light. you feel reluctant to turn on the bedside lamp, as it is very early and you feel oddly uncomfortable... even though you dont really know why. your mother is already awake... she was what put you out of your sleep. She was showering... the smell of vapor reaching your room. You get up without making a sound... your door still open to the rest of the house in case there is an emergency. You dont make a sound, get off your bedsheets, turn on the light and go play with your favourite toy. She now drinks coffee with early in the morning TV on. She hears you crawl on the carpet of your room, goes there and finds you. Upon seeing you, just... sighs... as it is early in the morning. "Come on. lets yummy, sweetie.". Then... brings you to the kitchen. You look at the clock, your brain still half-out-half-in. Half-focused-half-dreaming. Slight fog in your eyes. You rub them. It is... quiet around the house... the fridge humming in the background. Cold... and it is 2 a.m. Your mother has depression and insomnia. She is also a workaholic and already prepared everything you need for your trip to pre-school. The T.V... its currently not showing anything... but momma chose to turn it on. What shows in it? in a pattern I could not decypher at the time, sometimes the Channel logo, sometimes some weird commercial for a product you will probably never buy but looks super cool. The Commercial cycling endlessly between several european Idioms, showing different phone numbers at the end with the formatting "Call (number)" at the bottom, different versions of "call" and different numbers for each country/language. (I think they are the same at this point). The song... is coming from the tv. A weird Lo-Fi/HipHop thing with no lyrics. Sometimes the TV logo... sometimes the commercial for a weird-ass vapor-based vaccum cleaner. It was because of this, that my brain subtly evolved to associate vapor with "Waking up". So now... everytime someone showers, I wake up immediatly. But everytime I do, I feel so comfortable... So nostalgic... So intimately peaceful.