Type: Musical Single.
Title: (Yakui the Maid's "Myeloma#3" Renamed) Quiet mentors can talk too.
Author: Adriano x Arab Girl.
Genre: Steppe wind sounds with a synthrock riff drop at half way
Vibe: Finally. A new country. At peace. Me... Sheilla Ahmed... Studying. I arrived in Portugal a while ago, a country full of warm, welcoming people... with, of course, their fair share of teasers... but everyone is alright. Except, of course, whites. White males, specifically. I catch a glimpse of them... and my day is already ruined. "Leave me alone! I wont ever forgive you! You are all DEAD to me!". So, as I move through my day... cooking, studying, talking to the sparse friends I have at Finance Management College, nobody understands the empty inside me. Being so worn down, so unsanitary and spoiled in the soul... fruit flies hovering above my dead innards... waiting until its all mushy and fermented enough for consumption. The sugar turning into the devils liquid... slowly. My meat filled with maggots. My blood... a warm, milky, bitter, rancid, stenching tap water filled with a groggy myeloma. My emotions immovable. My brain unfascinated. My spirit unfulfilled. My attachment untrusting. As they keep throwing pitty pat shots at me... teasing me... even here in Portugal, I ignore. Ive became a master at ignoring. Because, with the things they told me back in turkey, back where US funded guerrilas took away my friends, my freedom, and my deeply held beliefs and dreams, stuff... just starts seeping in eventually. Its all mechanical. Like squeezing lemons. A Myeloma stuffed, pork meat cake is what I am. Pork meat of corruption, hurt, anger and bitterness. To allah I pray everyday for the genuine people I ignore, but I just cant let the walls down. Because Ive tried, ok? Ive tried to trust, to empathise, to understand and to accept. But those evil Men with Colt rifles and grenades came for my friends. They came... for my essence, my connection and my life. They accused me of casting "Prostitute vibes", of earning money while "Laying down", Ive witnessed horrible things. They accused me of not studying or being productive... when that is the exact thing they just wont let me do! So I fled. I packed my bags and after finishing highschool, which was already a pain in the ass, I told my family: "See you... eventually.". Everyday, I contact them as a checkup. Everyday the politics get worse, more infantile and futile, the military regime gets dumber and stricter. So... I wont forgive them. Ever. Ever. But... although I wont forgive them, it does not mean... I dont love them. So, after finishing studying, I come to the residence kitchen... and calmly... collectedly, cook. Traditional, nostalgic dishes... that remind me. The girls are nice. Due to my moral code, I just accept that boys will always be a mystery. I wont connect. I wont. I refuse. I cant let myself trust again. Everyday I wake up early... to smell the ashes of whats left of the burned forest that is my blood: just warm... tepid... 11:37 am tap water from a college bathroom sink in an autumn dry, cloudy day. I move like a meandering, almost room temperature, slow, dense, opaque, earth colored, magma with vestigious ammouts of plasticity.. A magma that does not stop, does not budge. Does not burn... just... pushes... like an elephant through the savana. I knock down to eat. I knock down fruits accidentally for the monkeys to eat. I just move... uninterrupted. I wont connect. I wont branch. I will always focus. I wont talk to White men. Not because of a generalization, but because its primal, neurological. Its... fear. But I also wont let them hurt themselves. For example: Hypothetically, If one was about to, innadvertedly eat spoiled fruit, I would just snag it out their hand and utter: "Spoiled." And then, quietly and methodically, dispose of it. If I see people do dumb things over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over again. Stupid things. Always the same stupid mistakes, which happens often, I will talk sense into them. You may not notice, but I have a soul. I care. I care... too much. Thats why I protect myself. And because I protect myself, I must also... protect others. Flairy, careless artists. Shy and awkward first years from portugal who, I still dont understand why, have zero braincells dedicated to managing a cooking session. I do my laundry myself... because those machines are crafted by white men. I study from asian articles only. I fixate. And I feel okay. it does not feel paralyzing. It rejuvenates me. It only hurts when people dont leave me alone in my own devices in peace, to tease me and utter useless things. Because I am a quiet mentor. And quiet mentors talk too. But then... there is this pipsqueak named Adriano... who I still cant figure out. Because... it does not matter how much I ignore him, how much I death glare at him... he either... mutters, flinches or feels flightly, contrasting with confidence from a previous moment. But... another moment after that, its like its gone from his memory. He is a white man. He looks young, vibrant. Energetic. Emotional. Creative. He looks... so happy. I... envy him so much. He is not afraid of asking for help. He is inquisitive. He fully acknowledges he is inept at basic tasks like keeping track of responsibilities. But he never budges from the challenge that comes from asking for help in that, asking people how to improve, to adapt, to express frustration... and... even when his cynnicism takes over, he just lets out some shouting for like 1 and a half hours and then... he is fine. I dont understand. And I want to. Adriano. its your turn to speak now, right?

Adriano is my name. The idea of me existing, my identity, my process of design and fabrication, my spawning, my growth... its all here in the small face of Europe, Portugal. I craft toys for fun, I like vibing, I am creative and adaptible and I love quiet people Like you Sheilla. You see... we are both opposites: Me: Spontaenous. You: Methodical. Me: Hurt. You: Hurt. I search. You wait. I am a dragonfly. You are a spider. I climb. You Drill through. You, a visionary, adulting warrior of structure. Me: A Soul-streaming, artsy router of toys. But... we are both also quite mighty Men. "Men" with capital letter, hope you dont mind ok? Dont want to lump you with your shadow all of a sudden. Ive never understood you either... until now. Before... I hated Arabic women: They pissed me off with all their (Albeint fair) Whinning... all my self worth issues make me diss you on the outside... and admire you on the inside. You: Traditional clothes, wearing your origins literally on your sleeves. Not conforming to local fashion, you stand out. You are flaky like Kai. You are grounded like Takamura. You are reserved like Ippo. You are perceptive Like Hero, Tysons brother. I am Tyson, the feisty and competitive messy kid. You... the older sister mentor. You have your brown eyes and your colored skin. Your hair scarfs. Your figure is not bad either. Ive never seen you with hair, though so dont worry. Your flowing traditional dress thing... I dont even know its name. Colorful... pretty. Your skin so soft. Your voice... when uttered... makes me crazy. Your cold eyes reel me in... wanting to melt them at all costs. So I trip on purpose, I try to make you laugh. When I am really mad... I want to say things bordering on offensive. But you are not cold. You are tepid, like a good bath in the summer after a fulfilling day. You may be fulfilled. Yet... you are lonely... disconnected... the world you see is accurate... at the same time, completly warped. So I try to tease some sense into you. But... you always budge. I keep throwing pitty pat shots. I want a hook from you. But it just goes like "Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding!", metalic deflection sounds from your hard, cast iron walls around your heart. And... it all may look easy for me on the outside. But... all this goofiness... its also a shield. The emotions are genuine but keeping the flame alive is draining. "I must never weep. Never whine. Never complain. Never stop. Never melancholize. Always solve. Always adapt. Fight the absurdity." But... its so painfully obvious that it tires me. My ADHD makes me energetic? It just makes me forget out tired I am. Its like caffeine. Ever wondered why I dont take caffeine? Because I dont need it. I know. Enviable. But... my thirst for novelty makes me confused and disoriented. I wonder... How can those 3rd world country people be so pragmatic, so heavy handed and serious all the time. So resourceful and productive. I am also productive... I know. But... I admire them. Not because of some society role model bullshit. But because they compliment me. I want to be close to them. I am bored of nuanced Yapping. I want to connect with the unconnectable. I want to climb a mountain. How could they not be flimsy, agile and 1-shot-ko vulnerable like me. I bob and weave. You throw meaty hands. I throw straights at your temple. You throw overhands and toss me around. I dodge. You tank. You resist. I wiggle myself out. Ive also been through quite a share of adversity: Growing up with adhd... You know? Ive already expressed this thing I will utter... you know what? We ball. Let me see if I can recall the vibe... the feeling, as I am split between recalling and exploring. Ok... Its already explored So let me, quite selfishly, quote myself: "Im so tired of people doing it... Ive been meek and doormatish for so long... so when Im both a nerd and confident people are to close minded to embrace it. Like... Im not invincible! I may be inventive, resourceful and humurous, But Im also a excessively self conscious and emotional airhead that is fully dependant on creativity to get anything done! Like... as an ENTP... using Si is difficult... so difficult... It feels like driving an F1 car! I can stay organized... but its like I cannot steer wrong, brake wrong, modulate acceleration wrong, plan ahead wrong, go over slightly suboptimal sections of the tarmac, get too far away from the pack HECK! Even breathe wrong! Like... I have to stay on this perfect state of zone all the time almost concentration sweatimg and people expect that to be easy for you! Like... "how much food do I have? Gotta leave the room, gotta be creative! Who do I need to call? Gotta shower! Who are my project peers? Am I forgetting something vital? Gotta organize my data!" Like... my mind is not made to grind and focus! Im made to move forward, with a slight touch of improvisation! My bedroom looks like hell? Heck! It isnt for me! Why does it bother you so much? I dont accumulate spoiled food, I keep the spiders and do a full, thorough cleaning session every month or so! And thats already excellent for me! Im sorry... everyone... I cant be what you want me to be. Its too hard ok? I just cant..."

Sheilla: But Adriano. You are not selfish or narcissistic. To be fair... deep down, I like your teasing. The subtle things: trying to do feints to get in my way on the hallway, Like... I never budge... but you trying it is funny. The constant giggling when I am around is funny. You look like a child. So young... so innexperienced, though perceptive. So warm and happy... its like... where is your negative emotions? I know you have them... but... you wear your emotions on your sleeve like that? Just thinking about it makes me so envious... But, if anything, youre just kind of annoying. But as long as you dont deny me of my dreams or physically get in my way, I dont really care. Do whatever. I wont lash out. But... I also wont respond.

*Author notes*

If Sheilla is Myeloma, What disease is Adriano? I think hyperglycemia

what is admirable is how sheilla did not even develop any mental illnesses... she is just... a real grouch and thats it

Her biggest weakness is being, Both or one : unwilling to accept of unware of the fact that the immediate reality around her changed. She is no longer in turkey, people are not abusive to her anymore, people respect her boundaries (I mean... we could argue that Adriano pushes them a little... but thats beside the point), People are not hurting her family and friend or her anymore, Its true that prejudice against women still exists in some way everywhere... but the truth is that, in portugal, prejudice against women, although it is always hurtful and potentially damaging, the concrete demonstrations never really go outside of the range of mild banter to insults... People are not getting their rights revoked or treated consistently like inferiors in the world her eyes tell her... but she still feels she must shield herself for some reason... She still feels she must keep her guard raised "Or else things will explode and be set on fire"... And she also keeps this inner vision, her advice is direct and straight to the point, she has an authenticity bubble she defends... not really aiming for external harmony... and her actions are always towards the world more predominantly... with practicality in mind... and She always feels like she is aiming for something... like puzzle pieces that people around her dont understand necessarly that are assembling into something only she understands.... I think she is top Ni and Bottom Se. I think she is an INTJ.


My biggest weakness is my lack of capacity to understand when things must be fixed over or stored. When I already have inner facts that make the search of new possibilities unjustified. "Inventar muito" As my people like to say quickly.