Type: Musical Single
Genre: Smartphone audio recording during a walk with some soft electric guitar on top.
Author: Erica.
Title: People are animals who tell stories. (Yakui the Maid track covered with a monologue)
Vibe: Dear listeners. Its me, Erica. Today Ive gone outside to take a little walk, as Beatriz let me. As you can hear, there are cars passing by, sometimes airplanes, people chatting. My feet ruffle grass, the concrete sidewalk. The wind brushes on my hair. Humans in bars laugh. As I walk more I see a begger next to a supermarket. Its a LIDL supermarket. The man has the arms full of cuts and stiches. His eyes glimmer with hope as people pass by. Then go blank. Then glimmer. Then blank. Then I see... two girls chatting, forward facing eachother with tenderly held hands. At the café, where there is also an old man, mulling over, pensive with a glass of beer while smoking a cigarrete. He looks like he is in his early 70s. The restaurant is covered by a plastic blanket. I continue. I walk more... and see two people with down syndrome holding hands. A guy and a girl. I, myself... am just a passer by in the world, absorbing it and turning it into electrically engraved noise with my cheap, broken cellphone camera. This thing cost me 100 euros. Yes. I had to pay it. *Laughs* Please donate on bandcamp, ok? I know I made my music optionally paid, but I dont get more money until I complete another errand from Beatriz and I need to buy medicine. Fast. I also suffer from some mental health stuff, like NPD and BPD... psychotic depression... Oh! I also think I could be undiagnosed with ADHD... which, at my mid 20s, is a bit rough... and I might do something stupid, like self harming, or forget to eat unless Im told or whatever... which might even lead me to fuck over and die, that is...  if I dont take my meds in the right hours. Beatriz... if you are listening to this, please find more people for me to kill... please do... I am so scared... please... I need my medicine so I can feel okay. Okay? Please... because I also contracted herpes. By the time Im 60, Im probably gonna contract Herpes Zoster, which I have heard is a huge pain in the ass. Most likely 40, considering how weak my immune system is becoming... But... anyway. Back to the outside world... there is a mall next to me now as I wait for the semaphore in the crosswalk on my way to the park. I wait a couple seconds and all the cars pass by. *BEEEEP!* *BEEEP!* *GET OUT OF THE WAY!* *Snorts* There is some guy blocking the road and people in that lane are mad. The guy blocking the road drives a Mercedes C class. The guy honking drives a new generation Ford Kuga. I advance across the sidewalk. *Ruffling of feet in gravel* Im passing by a portion of pavement under repairs, cyclists trying to avoid it and uber riders frustratedly ring at the forklift drivers carrying the sand and cement. The machine operators shouting at eachother... with their reflective jackets. Their manly voices. Their plastic helmets. I never understood... why do they wear such flimsy helmets? Wont they die if those big rocks fall on their heads? There must be a reason... but I dont give a shit... Anyways... Know those disney channel grunts and lackeys working for some super villain? I feel like I am one of those. You know... those completly dumb, goofy, submissive, pathetic, comic relief absolute "Monos" with doormat tendencies? Thats basically what I am... but the thing is, the plot will eventually give them some redeption arc... either as a side story or even a plot element of the main narrative. What do I ge- Oh! I see another couple over there!... and another couple... and another cou- Damn... the only girl not getting any Man cheeks on this town is me, apparently... maybe the city has an odd number of people and I got left out... *shrugs shoulders* Anyway... I go across another straightline of paved sidewalk, *Ambulance sirens... ambulance flooring it across the road next to me* Heh... the Superior Tech Institute college is nearby. The semester is barely starting so I see two possibilities: Either some drunk student got into a fight with another one and they are both about to bleed to death, or some bitter incel decided to get a getback on "Them" *snorts*... some people are just so immature... I wish I could have that luxury. But no. Mommy Erica has to be strong... and can you believe none of these people even know who I am? *Sigh...* It feels lonely... but also relieving. I know Im dependant on Beatriz to essentially not go insane, and that she is playing me like a fiddle, but I dont give a shit... Life is okay around these parts. I dont need second opinions. I need praise, sex, money and blood in my hands. Each rush of murder lust keeps me going 10 more meters. Anyway... I reached the park. The wind blows here warm and slow. Damn... why do people online even complain about girlfriends? "I need a girlfriend!" "People dont talk to me" "People are selfish" Like... Im seeing so many couples here it strains my eyes! *Sigh...* Why dont they just go get one if they want it so much? *Stomach grumbling* Well... Im hungry. Let me see my account. Ok I gotta stop the recording so Ill be right back in a couple seconds. *Cuts to a couple minutes later* Ok so I have... ready, dear listener? 15 euros in the bank account Beatriz made for me. And I also asked Beatriz if she could give me a boost... and she said no so, until I get enough energy to beg to her on my knees and crying again, I wont get any more. Im also weak. In a way Im like a lioness... Just wandering the desolate savana... not giving a shit about anything and killing on sight merely because Im ordered to... otherwise I wont get money and roll over and rot laying on the floor tiles of some sidewalk, while rats feast on my self injured limbs and fornicate surrounded by my guts and viscera. Anyway... Im walking through the park and I see people chatting, a girl shouting at her boyfriend... Ok... now she is crying. Ok... now she is hugging? Now... they are kissing. Ill keep an eye on them that seems strange and I am curious. Ok lets go through this vegetated section *Ruffling bushes and gravel pebbles skipping* Oh! A squirrel! *Starts going after him.* *Sounds of gravel being spread about and skipping* Come here! *Sneakers stepping on the floor now made of concrete...* *...and now made of grass.* *Running continues for almost a full minute* *Then... the running sounds stop* Hmmmm? Little buddy? Did you lead me here? Ohhh... so is it a bunch of little squirrels? Is that it? *Picks up squirrel. Squirrel making noise* *Craddles squirrel* Hmmmmm you are such a good boy! *Releases him. Squirrel runs* *Tender loud whispering voice with air smooches* Ok now go! Go to your family, buddy! *Normal voice again* *Sigh...* Anyway... Oh! I need my vitamins! These I stole from a pharmacy near this park. Oh! Yes. Im totally admitting to be a larson non-convict in a published recording. But the police can come arrest me whenever they want, tough... at least in prison I have the right to be fed everyday... *Starts muttering* Ok... something funny... something funny OH! I remember! *Stops muttering* There was also a weird maid with a purple dress hanging out there that was advertising free, self made parecetamol... *Laughs heartedly* Like omg... Ive heard home made crochet, Ive heard homemade cookies, homemade lemonade, but homemade Pharmaceuticals? Damn... life may be shit, but the world will always be beautiful in so, so many ways. **More sneaker on concrete stepping... for a few unninterrupted minutes. Recording is 7 minutes long by now... with the guitars still choording ocasionally** Wow! Its so hot today! Im gonna run to that patch of grass over there! This is the best park ever! *Light running stops.* *Some ducks walk across... quacking and glancing at me... to then waddle and insert themselves inside some bushes again...* *Sigh...* I will probably never see those ducks again... those specific ducks? I mean if I rec- No... even if I recognise them... with all of peoples stories... all of lifes cycles and divergences... all of lifes happenings and events... those ducks and I will never, ever cross paths again... those ducks will only survive on this recording, One more reason to publish this *Walking continues, for a couple minutes... sounds of light breezes across the recording device remain... ocasional turning and swinging enhances noise and interference, but no voice from Erica is heard* *Eventually... chatter can be heard... the stories that people tell... are never purely about objects. Its always about either people... or people interacting with objects. because of that, because chatter can be heard, voice can be heard again* HEY! I arrived! *Walking on concrete goes on for a few seconds... then grass and dirt.* *After a couple seconds of pacing...* AHHhhhhh.... *She sits in the grass, in a peaceful, confortable spot in a place under the sun. Looks at the people around her. Lays down her stuff, lays herself down... with limbs spread out. The rivers of consciousness... flowing. Thats what she senses. The thoughts coming and going. So then... she Sighs... and resigns herself to looking at the sky, exausted and conformed.* *She then starts an inner monologue. All we can hear in the recording now... is the people around her, the voices... the ducks in the park, the people passing by and walking on the grass...* Finally. The sun. Guys... I mean... I know. The world is cruel. We pay taxes, medicine costs a fortune, mental health is expected to be self solvable but isnt... but can you believe this? Walking and laying on this grass, witnessing chatter, ducks, gravel, and those two boys kissing over there... the blades in my ass, my wet rear pockets from my Ripped jeans... Its all free. This is all free. Because there is one thing the world cant take away from us: Stories. The stories, told by the animals that dominate earth. *Phone ring* *Phone ring* *Phone ri-* Oh? ITS BEATRIZ AGAIN! *Sigh of relief...* Nice... that means I only need to kill some dude to get more food now. Seeya later! *Recording stops*.


*Erica author's notes*

So... I cant be contemplative? I can only be goofy or intense? Take this you stupid doubters! Shove it up your bums and shove in a multimeter too to see if it lights a bulb, Freaky Edison style!


Ya know what it feels like? Those texas cowboy, slow ass, westwood heatwave ass, harmonica ass monologues

Bandcamp is so fitting


Wanna know a narcissist I wrote? And also a song she wrote? If you dont think its beautyful Idk what is,