Title: Straight Outta Hospice (N.W.A. Voice over)
Authors: Ester Glacy, Isa Cyclone, Anitta The Silly, Erica Tika
Genre: Silly rap.
Lyrics:
*Ok? Who should start?* *Ill start girlies!* *Ok go ahead Glacy!*



E.T."*Ahem...*

You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge"

E.G.:
"Straight outta hospice, crazy leech parasite named Ice Whore
Hailing straight from Desperate Girl Shore
When I'm called off, I got a sawed off
Squeeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled off
You too, bih, if ya fuck with me
The police are gonna have to come and get me
Off yo' ass, that's how I'm goin' out
For the punk motherfuckers, that's showin' out

Plebians start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix 'em and cook 'em in a pot like gumbo
Goin' off on a raw ass queen like that
With a gat that's pointed at yo' ass
So give it up smooth
Ain't no tellin' when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep yo' dancin'
With a crime record like Charles Manson"

I:"
AK-47 is the tool
Don't make me act the motherfuckin' fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knockin' shawtys out tha box daily
Yo, weekly, monthly and yearly
Until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly
That I'm down with the damn H-S-P-C
Boy, you can't fuck with me"

E.G.:"
So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck
'Cause Ice Whore is crazy as fuck
As I leave, believe I'm stompin'
But when I come back, bih, I'm comin' straight outta hospice

Yo, Izzy!
Whassup?
Tell 'em where you from!"

I:"
Straight outta psychward, anotha quirky man eater
More nerds I pack, yo, my rep gets bigger
I'm a bad bitch princess and they know me
But them pussy ass losers wont show it
But I don't give a fuck, I'ma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jackin' the crops
Just like burglary, the definition is jackin'
And when illegally armed, it's called 'packin'

Shoot a motherfucker in a minute
I find a good piece o' D, I munch in it
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'ma call you ugly or a dirty-ass ho
You'll probably get mad like a nerd is supposed to
But that shows me, loser, you're composed to
A crazy bitch princess from the street
Attitude legit 'cause I'm tearin' up shit"
E.T.:"
MC Tika controls the automatic
For any dumb motherfucker that starts static
Not the right-hand 'cause I'm the hand itself
Every time I pull a AK off the shelf
The security is maximum and that's a law
My Brain may be cooked but I'm raw
See, 'cause I'm the motherfuckin' villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killin'

That's takin' place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, your ass is through
Look, you might take it as a trip
But a queen like Tika is on a gangsta tip
Straight outta psychward"

A:"
Annie is her name, and this bih is comin'

Straight outta madhouse
Is a sister that'll smother yo' fatha
And make ya sistah think I love her
Dangerous degeneratess raises hell
And if I ever get caught, I make bail
See, I don't give a fuck, that's the problem
I see a motherfuckin' cop, I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see a punk pass, I smile

To me, it's kinda funny, the attitude showin' a Girlie drivin'
But don't know where the fuck she's going, just rollin'
Lookin' for the one they call lazy
But here's a flash, they never seize me
Ruthless! Never seen like a shadow in the dark
Except when I unload, see I'll get over the hesitation
And hear the scream of the one who got the last penetration

Give a little gust of wind and I'm jettin'
But leave a memory no one'll be forgettin'
So what about the nerd who got shot? Fuck him!
You think I give a damn about a loser? I ain't a sucker!
This is the autobiography of the Annie, and if you ever fuck with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope sistah who will smother
Word to the motherfucker, straight outta madhouse"

A:"
Damn, that shit was dope!"

