if I was in a superhero film, all the powers and abilities I would have would be these weapons. (and thats it) "Adriano's Weapons:

Sidearm:

The "What is it"

Class: Handgun.
Action: Semi- Auto. (Recoil operated)
Caliber: .45 ACP
Brand: Colt
Model: m1911
The "how big is it":

Mass: 1.1kg
Barrel length: 12.7cm
Mag capacity: 8 rounds

The "How powerful is it":
Range: 50m
bullet weight: 15g
Bullet speed: 252ms^(-1) (energy: 937.5 Joules)


Notes: None.

Primary:

The "What is it"

Class: Automatic Rifle
Action: Ionization charged (A mega powerful spark gap runs across iodized water to load up shots of electrically supercharged water jets)
Caliber: Each jet yields the mass of a  5.56x45mmNATO copper jacket projectile
Brand: Adriano
Model: Adriano's Ethereal Rifle

The "How big is it"

Mass: 2.23 kg
It has no barrel. But the weapon is about 90cm long
It has charge for 90 shots before reloading with (important detail) water from the tap (or water with similar solutes). Shot cadence depends on ions in water.
It leaves clearly visible trails with each shot. Works best against the undead and the paranormal. Humans receive less damage.


The "How powerful is it"

Range: maximum ever achieved in testing: 250m
Overly Complicated and cumbersome to reload, set up, configure, adjust to and overall operate if youre not the inventor of this weapon. (Adriano)
Fire cadence: revolves around 150rpm to 750 rpm (depends HEAVLY on the water used)
Bullet speed: instant. (Damage falls off severely with distance, though. Exit energy is around 15k-80k Joules. But drops off to about 10-100 Joules at within 60cm from max range.
Unnintended side effect: this weapon is better than a carbine in a way because if dropped, the enemy would get so confused about how overly complicated and strange its design is they would just give up trying to wield it
Typical reload time for a full canister of tap water (if no strange defects or practical mishaps occur): 90 seconds

Notes: basically an overly complicated Assault rifle made for no one to use except its inventor"