If I am fine?
I mean... I feel... alone. Alien. Its all in the text... But I cant say yes or no, though... If you are still worried, dont. Humans arent flimsy like paper. they are made of meat, water, fat and bone.

So I am made of silly too...
Who isnt made out of silly, though? If silly people are people who struggle, then everybody is silly.

But I appreciate it. its a good trait of you to worry about others. But remember: You cant make anyone get better by yourself, much less over the internet

trying to Fix other people will grind your essence into confetty real fast

I think you are very sensible and selfless

Not purely... like everybody else... but I feel like you are predominantly so

And now that you feel at ease with me... I will take that as a little window to replace a word I used to describe you. Although its often unfairly misused and seen as a bad thing, you are highly conscious and... sensitive. You know what people want to hear and you have a knack for social smoothness... I assume at least. People around you are often much more blunt than you on average

"i think types are as meaningless as having the same conversation about 7 times"
"it matters not what definition fits you"
"it matters who you are not how you define yourself"

MBTI types are... meaningless?

"and its not like you can define someone perfectly ever anyway
"?
Im not fitting my whole self into a label.
I aint even fitting a spec of me into a label.

MBTI types tell you cognitive tendencies. Thats it. They are like egos built in a differrnt way. Its as holistic as categorising types of clutches in cars inside the whole assembly, where the type of ego is the way the information moves from the mask to the subconscious. Like a door. Like the shape of that door. But, its still important. But yes. what defines you is nothing. And its not like I am saying its my identity. Im saying it in a very clinical perspective Like a blood type. It aint giving you superpowers and it aint crippling you. I know that. But, for me, even knowing that something about m, even if as small and reduced as the ego can be categorised, gives me safety. It helped me find friends. Mentors. It also made me get stuff wrong. But thats the price you pay for comitting to a frame of thinking. And it should not be trusted blindly, It should be tweaked and figured out on the go, like everything in life. Its not even final...



"I think committing to a frame is a mistake."



I think you need to be, not like water, but like putty. You need be both rigid and maleable. And even what you are saying is a framework you are comitting to


​GRRR! I gotta defend it! Everyone needs a framework! Everyone! I dont care!


​ahhh I gotta leave it. Frameworks are mean and powerful machines. But they can be strained too


You are making conscious effort. Your framework is: "No human is definable in any way at all"
Feel free to correct me
If I am shoving s*** in your mouth though


"i would say my framework is that i wish to just take everything for what it is and be open to everything without trying to fit into a certain aspect of something else."

Valid.

"You can make anything into a framework, but that doesnt mean it has to be one or should be one I suppose"


Yes. It also does not mean there are no situations that benefit from one.

"For sure. I didnt say that there arent certain benefits from having one."
"btw what are you studying"
"im currently thinking of shooting myself if i have to study another day ;3"
Computer Science
I found my own way of learning, thanks to MBTI. I thrive in bumping and feeling my way around problems without a bunch of previous theoretical dodoo to abide by. If something is important, I wanna feel in my skin why that is important. The teachers I vibe with the most are the ones that believe this and understanding this is key  so that, when there are less acessible classes for me, I can reach a consensus with them. Make deals. Thats how socialization works.


"fair enough. I manage to learn the best through actually doing it or using it in theoretically."
"but im so sick of doing the same thing and waking up in the same place going to the same classes for weeks on end"
"im thinking of just taking a flight to somewhere and leave life behind for a bit :3"

You can grind and be consistent... But damn does it make you feel like dogs***. Right?


"it makes me feel empty"
"and i cant deal with how much it destroys me"
"physically and mentally i suppose"
"yeah but thats too easy"
"it has to be a bit challenging"


Everybody is treated like generic garbage. They all assume everybody works the same way... Pisses me the f*** off...