



because Ester was never really able to stand out in the combat exercises... as she was always more tactical than combat oriented, She always felt left out during her journey through Izuku's school goes here. She was quick witted, popular and respected even by the most powerful students... but her grades were never spectacular when it came to direct combat... something she felt very remorseful about. But... as she kept hearing stories about heroes and fellow students who faced Toga in the wild, she became interested at first... and then... fascinated. And then... obcessed. Himiko reminded Ester of many facets of herself: her obcession with specific people (Ester had Filipa and now has Toga), her penchant for chaos, her vulnerability beneath the bravato...) She began imagening herself at night... fighting Toga... daydreaming in class for its whole length... trying to find a way to win... anything the teachers would tell her would fuel her desire to finally meet her... as she eventually found the calling she would use to get through the system. (She became projecting that motivation onto people like Bakugo... who had a similar mentality, as she saw the idea of being interested in someone like Toga as a complicated and very taboo matter... which she prefered not to share with anyone). Although she already went to the gym before, she mulled over not being able to grow any stronger due to her skeleton's limitations... constantly self criticising due to this. But during the sleepover... she woke up... and decided to take action, leaving the social circle with her subtle, witty style... and then the interaction with hatsume mei began


*Ester mutters* "The sun glasses... I must keep them attached to my head somehow... a helmet is the obvious choice... Ill just get a helmet, thats aerodynamic... smilar to those from cyclists witht the visor on... If it muffles sound it is not too important... as I can predict if people around me will throw stuff at me... so its a compromise between environmental and social acuteness... and the lack of hearing may sharpen my psychic powers too. Ok so that takes care of my power glow. What about the charges? The doctor said that Im too young to constantly take this kind of abuse... no matter how precise and deliberate I am with my striking. I need more muscle. Both to shield myself from my blows... and to be able to witstand the high impact charges I deliver when I drive myself with telekinesis. Maybe... maybe some supplement with manganese... and iron... Something that strengthens and invigorates the bone marrow. I think it must be something that could be considered a P.E.D. in competitive sports. But I dont really care that much about that anyway... I must win. Thats all... Anyways... what strengthens the bone marrow..." *I keep muttering*


(Thanks for the compliment... honestly... when you are ready... lets keep the plot going. I wanna see how the hell Im gonna make Ester's bones stronger... thats her ONLY obstacle. She clearly has no self preservation instinct so... she just needs stronger bones. One thing that could end up happening is... mei could end up developing a drug that makes her bones stronger... but also... gives her Myeloma. She will die at an early age... so she must hurry and train so she is ready to be called up by the pro heroes and gets a chance to defeat toga)

(I think she is a mishmash between Toga's yandere-esque temperament, Midorya's self destructive determination, a unique social mask, Endeavour and Bakugo)

(And because Ester will increase her bone density AND her muscle mass... (which will, more likely than not, will have its building complemented with extra PEDs), she will overall get stronger. So guess what? she can carry armor now! She will eventually reach a point where she will be able to rely on armor! It wont be the heaviest thing in the world and... lets be fair: She would look ridiculous while only using that helmet. 
Ester... in the mirror after the anti-glow aerodynamic helmet is complete with her wearing it: "Damn... I look like a cheesy 80s female american chopper biker")

(Ester can also carry this: As she is very methodical, she will plan as much of the encounter as she can. So she will attempt to take the intiative in the fight, which is something that is given alot of thought to in real combat sports. I thought of giving her a small gun. But because guns dont really fit the MHA Honest-hand-2-hand-combat aesthetic, I will give her something mild: I can give her a small gun (fits the fact that, even for something that exercises regularly, Ester's actual physicality is still below what would allow one to easly handle something like a 9mm) like a handgun that fires .22 long rifle CO2 blanks. She will sneak up on Toga, take aim... as well as she can honestly... as Toga is very chaotic in her movement, though she doesnt need to necessarly hit her, will then shoot, which will, hopefully, draw Toga's attention, and will also force her to react to the bullet. Blank shots in this universe are not lethal by any means, but they still hurt like a bitch. Any kind of damage is bad so... as long as Ester fires while being away from Toga's sight when she fires, she can take the initiative by shooting and immediatly charging up as fast as she can for a psychic driven lunge. Oh... another thing She can also use is boots, (as she will be strong enough to wear them) With inner padding+ metal  trimming and 50's soccer style spikes in the sole), so she can take get the most out of her devastating subsonic speed flying kicks). The armor will also give her hardened materials around striking joints like knees and elbows so she can strike with those too)

Due to her unconventional gear, bakugo can say something perceptive and taunting like: "Damn girl... are you a hero or a race-car-storm-trooper love child?" *whole class snorts*

I just think its impressive just *how much* Ester is unnapolagetically trying to keep up. Like... she could already be set for life with the tactics... but she wants the whole cake!

Ok. Ester's Absolute MAXIMUM EVER SPEED that she EVER ACHIEVED WITH ALL HER EFFORT is... 752.27 kph. And... All For One can dodge supersonic attacks with ease. So.... Id reduce her speed from  90 to like... 60. Im gonna show you what the graph looks like wait

With an increase in bone density and size by like... 60% and 20% each... while also maximizing muscle training (obviously P.E.D. Induced... she wantes results quickly) to make the most of her bones, how much would her attack and defense increase? I dont mention speed because her speed boosts from telekinesis are so large that any speed increase from the training is negligible. I dont think she gets faster. But how much stronger and durable does she get? She may also get a tiny increase in collaboration too... not that that matters but... I think her attack would like... top out at like 75 and would *stay there*... pretty much forever. I think that would be her prime... as even with the bone size hormones and bone density supplements like the Portuguese 'Calcitrim' and some other calcium based ones... along with... OH! Also... her stamina (That is also a stat I must include. I have to include the stamina stat. We need new graphs!) could increase too! her overall larger body could enhance her capacity for long term fat storage further! Also... her helmet will give her like... 1% speed increase *at low speed* and like... 10% instantaneous increase in punctual power (Like... punctual power is what I call, instead of a value for overall power, the derivative of the potential mobility in terms of time. Like instantaneous speed instead of non-continuous average speed) because aerodynamic benefits for speed only kick in higher speeds. But I dont think she could increase her speed in any way... as her psychic gland is pretty much maxxed out. But... her defense though... I think, as, because she can now wear bigger armor more easly, and because of all the protective padding protecting her from the charges, and the boots with 50's soccer style metal *studs* (Ive remembered that *that* is how you call them. Not "spikes"), and the metal trimming around the shoelace area and the contours of the sole... she could increase it by like... 20%? Maybe?

I mean... she *knows* shes grasping for straws... but just... the sheer determina- I just love her so much... she is *beyond simping* bro!

Final gear:

- The aformentioned armor (I wont describe it again fgs)
- A 5 round, clip loaded, blank .22 lr caliber gun (for diversion)
- A sheer ton of cleavage, balls and slay queen energy
- basically the intelligence of the *Main Antagonist*
- A bag full of energy protein bars so she can refuel mid fight
- Loads of combat practice and daydream brain storming
- She will likely draw Toga into a spot with loads of sharp objects. Fighting her in the middle of a plaza would already be severely disadvantageous
- Also... a frying pan. (What?)
- her arguably *broken* psychic powers.


Honestly? the stats dont tell the whole story. I think... the standards for speed are *very* high in comparison to attack. Honestly... if we ignore the stats,  (As stats are only made for character 2 character comparisons), her speed is *way* more impressive than attack

Also... Ester has *exceptional* reaction time. Flying at those speeds... even in open skies is no joke! She had to train dodging while flying fast... even if her psychic gland was capable of those things with no problem... so she technically never flies at her fastest, except on that very run where she hit the 700 and something kph... But that was a scientific run made purely for curiosity's sake, was very draining (and... if Ester would ever be honest about it... *very, very scary* at the time) and was made in mid altitude... in the middle of the Alentejo Savana in Portugal. (Her nationality. If she was actually in MHA, she would likely have a cute accent... I think thats funny). During a large portion of her Teens... when she was self training with her speed flight, (And that is... after months of constantly falling on her face... as not even *merely floating* is easy! It requires extreme focus and is very stressful for immature psychics! Flying as a psychic requires constant, dynamic microadjustments to body geometry alignment in both axis (Across the segment that unites her hips and the segment that goes from head to toe). Floating as a psychic is like balancing oneself in a one-dimensional tight rope! Like... not even her, to put it pityingly, *mediocre* speed is given! No wonder this girl trusts nobody! While some feel intellectually insecure, She cannot afford to be! Intellect is not only her armor. its her pillow. her warm blanket!

And even in her Clear Sky Speed run, she was still only at like... 99% of her total speed! 

And the helmet reduces the size of the wake behind her right? The gradual curving... (The helmet would be something like a hardened, tempered and plated, time trial cyclist helmet) will make the wake smaller in volume and less turbulent right?

But she would not want the helmet to be that specific, drop-like shape so she can go *faster*. She would be delighted by it because it would allow her to go *as fast as needed*... *easier*. In her mind: "Absolutely no way I would ever go that fast again... stuff was terrifying"

Oh! And she would also fly way easier... as the reason the helmet reduces wake is because it makes the airflow from the apex of its curvature backwards *way* less turbulent. So it also makes flight easier. She got really pleased when she found that out.

Ok. If this was ever a MHA character... here is a detail for fan service: Do you know what a cute, small girl with a reflective cool visor, armored suit and a round helmet looks like? She looks like a *cute* *athletic* *pro alpine skiier*. man... just imagine her red hair flowing from the sides...


*In a moment where Bakugo looks at her just for a *little* more time... while she isnt even bothered about manipulating him and just thinking about something else* "hey bro! you ok? Youre usually so loud... whats happening?" *confused, serious tone*

I dont think they have much chemistry tho.... both thinkers AND one judger and the other perceiver (Him and her respectively)... both intuitive... I dont think they would like... match in any interesting way. I think they would mostly *tolerate* eachother...

But he would find her... even if only for an instant... *kinda* alluring for that moment

*important information for Ester in the mind game*
I know how to put her in a very, very, very plausible scenario where she learns something important about Toga. For example, she can go to Deku, who she knows, despite the amount of teasing she delivers him, that he will always talk constructively to her, right? And she would also trust Deku, although she knows she isn't like a top-tier genius like her. He will give very, very useful insights and information. And he also has direct experience with Toga. So Ester could eventually learn when Deku says: "hey, did you know that Toga also has an obsession for me?" Like Ester could really use that as an advantage. that changes everything, Ester could leverage that very easily.

But she cannot become Toga to defeat Toga, because in her essence, her mind is an intuitive thinker mind. She may have her own brand of unpredictability, but Esther cannot become a sensor-feeler, like Himiko Toga likely is, overnight. It would go against her very being, her very brain architecture. She can't do that. That is an irrational thing to do.

wow... what am I doing... I feel like I am coaching a fictional character for a fictional fight... and I lowkey like it.


Where she would get all the MBTI knowledge? maybe from someone like Mina. Mina is always portrayed as this "happy go lucky girl" that has a side effect of turning invisible... and she would be the kind of Innocent, people centered person (Like the cultural stereotype of the "Crystal girl") But with a twist: She actually knows the nuances of each type inside and out... and, again, as a highly people centric brained person, she would leverage it and always pay close attention to each of her peers' types. And... even when everybody thinks she just looks up makeup in pintrest all night after her group studying sessions with friends like the Frog girl and Uraraka... okay she likely would do that... but she would likely get in the flow and just... start wondering and wandering... and speculating... and could come up with sharp insights she would share with her friends. Ester could notice this... after her usual "sneaking around for intel" she always does every night... and would try...not just ask "can I be your friend? I can learn so much with you!" like a normal person... she would likely try to be unecessarly sneaky about becoming her friend... but she would get there anyway. But then... after an unbearable hour of gossip and fashion, at some point, the conversation would follow like this, after the boring stuff had stoped: "Look at this Ester. (Draws the cognitive stack she speculated for Himiko Toga) This is her functions. (She had already explained the basics of MBTI... which, even for someone as psychologically inclined as Ester, ISNT easy). *Explains her the core traits of Sensor-Feeler-Perceivers. this all happened after she had exposed some of the stacks of familiar people... Like Bakugo's ENTJ, or Izuko's INFJ (She would understand right away why Izuko had such a reserved demeanour... and likely understands that her teasing towards him is likely highly unpleasent... and admires his insistence of not letting it show) brain type... and then exposes her take on Ester... INTP.* This is what you are. *Then she would explain how she had to find a way to outthink chaos itself. Either that... or leverage Himiko's obcession with Deku, who would likely be present. And to also consider reaching for Hawk's mentorship in incorporating a bit more chaos into her... gameplan... which Ester would find daunting... and think stuff like: "but... that feels SO MUCH HARDER than ANYTHING IVE done... How am I suposed to "Outthink" chaos anyway?".
So yeah... this is how I think it would go.

*Stuff Ester Said to Aizawa after a training session*


But... teach... she is my motivation. I spoke with Mina... who is obcessed with personalities and stuff... and Ive realized that... I *need* to fixate on *something* to suceed... if I get my fixation taken away, I lose it all

I dont give a damn about my fixation being gone. I have it now. Thats what matters.


I had to be reborn as many times as there are stars in the sky teach. Ive joined highschool at 19 years old... you dont know me before... Ive been reborn. My core personality literally changed. I am no stranger to becomming different versions of myself. Letting myself be unpretentious and unapolagetically adaptible is how I thrive. its how I operate. All the A's ive been getting in physics, Language and even math... all the poems Ive written in the compositions in English class... they were all about her. In my math exercises, All of them were solved based on how I would defeat her. I dont care if its reckless. You CANT stop me. *Squeezes fists... looking up at you with an intense, almost tear eyed gaze*. When I layed my eyes on her, for the first ime, I did not care about what the numbers say... I did not care about arguments or logic. Logic was created by HUMANS teach. HUMANS. So the logic we rely on should serve US, not ITSELF like some abstract, greedy monster. MY LOGIC. MY GOALS. MY... Recklessness. I WILL Defeat her.

But... I need fixation... I need a fixation... I need Toga...


Mina explained it to me. Himiko Toga. ESFP. She is an Expansion type. Extroverted Perceiver. The reason she isnt Fixated is because it would make her fight worse. Not better. I am a fixation type. I am cognitively introverted. My mind needs to converge into *some* theory always. And my theory is "How do I defeat Toga"

But... Aizawa... She can move so fast... she can run faster than a bullet... Once, I tried to fly at 700 something kph in clear skies and it was horrifying... what... what do I do? *Curls up... almost ready to be discouraged or worse... invalidated.*


Im gonna do it now: But just wanna tell you one more Initiative idea before I begin: her natural, non-intellect camouflage is very conventional: But its clever: In the BIG OL raid of the heroes inside the villain lair will likely cause alot of collateral damage right? Explosions. Smoke. And Toga, who relies on blood, This being something Ester knows very well about, She Expects her to be able to smell it from very far away and even inside peoples bodies "like a shark". So... what she does, is before even approaching Toga, whose position Ester very likely knows preemptively, as she would use leftovers from supplies (not her actual bag full of energy bars tho... she would not touch that one before the encounter...) to fuel her as she performs moderate psychic scans around the area that surrounds her... so she could track her, akin to a sonar.. But before approaching her, She would reach for a barely-to-totally burned out piece of rubble... and actualy smear her armor and the skin beneath her armor in them so she could smell SO MUCH like smoke, that Toga would not even notice her blood!

She came up with these strategies after years of passively getting mildly annoyed at her clothes "ficarem a cheirar a cagalhão" when walking past a group of troublemaker smokers or teachers at the entrance of school on her way out... or while being smeared by exaust smoke in pawn road crossings at stoplights, for example

I find her fascinating... ironically... it almost feels like, although she is not conventionally brute forcing it, its like she is Intellectual forcing it... almost like flooding the problem with theory until "it dies or something idont know"
