calebs journal goes here


he had an interaction with Ester and his childhood friend Leyla. Caleb and Leyla were in highschool. Leyla is sitting under a tree, playing PUBG on her phone. Caleb is riding his mountain bike, trying to perform a jump that any other sane being would think is physically impossible: But the ramps are so deliciously angled... *They are 10 m away and Caleb has virtually no run way. The chain came off half of the times*. The air is fresh. They are in a forest with tall thin trees, dry soil surface. a 'bosque'. some squirrels pass by and Leyla, although caring for Caleb, reeealllly despises insects. So she keeps groaning every other moment. 
Leyla: "bro that jump is not happening *slaps neck* *stupid idiot mosquito...*"
*Caleb, visibly angry, already past his exausted point, with steaming red skin. All clothes are off because he undressed impulsively to "do it for real this time" (Says it every time he fails) and because his body heat melded all his socks and shoes. (they brought spares).
Caleb prepares once again. There are very visible blood vessels on his temple, forehead and cheeks. His eyes are deep, bright red.*
Caleb: "Im gonna do it! I will I will! I will!" *caleb mashes his pedals, with no smooth rythm whatsoever, still reaching 50 kph, the bycycles top gear top speed, failing the jump once again*.
Ester passes by, on a walk outside the camp she lives in with her boyfriend Skylar, Kade, Fox, Davids friend, David. Also, Che. Oh! and Esters best friend Filipa. Ester, being analytical and somehow impacient with incompetence, notices how the boy keeps constantly maxing out his bycicle and still failing the jump. Ester casually approaches Leyla and Caleb and tells caleb:
Ester: "bro! Are you good at physics"
Caleb: "What? Why would I care right now? IM ALMOST THERE!"
*Ester looks at Leyla sitting on the tree and... seemingly feels that her vibe is similar to hers.*
Ester: "hey sis! You see this kid? is he your friend? you know him?"
 Leyla: "Yep we are friends alright... I am Leyla and that bone head over there is Caleb."
Ester: "Have you told him he will never ever achieve what he is trying to do?"
Leyla: "I tried. But hes locked in. hes not gonna stop until hes collapsing at the seams from exaustion, love..."
Ester: "Do you think if he does it hes gonna stop?"
Leyla: "But hes not gonna do it so it does not matter...
Ester: "What if he does though?"
Leyla: "I dont care... because he wont! Hes a bone headed brat who thinks can challenge physics. Im waiting until biology does its job on him..."
Ester: "Hey... caleb guy!"
Caleb: *Mid air* "hello! AHHHH!" *crashes* *gets up.* *Rolls bycicle to starting spot* "GRRR!!!!!!"
Ester: "Caleb. what is happening?"
Caleb: *Surprised* "So are you not just gonna call me a stupid idiot like my so called friend over there playing dumb games on her stupid idiot rich girl iPhone?"
Ester: "Thats not how you talk to people. Also, dude. That s*** your trying to pull off is not gonna happen unless god remakes the world differently. Sorry..."
Caleb: "Shut up! I dont care about stupid numbers"
Leyla: "Oh! And he keeps blabbering about some Pedro guy who harassed him in a race. he wants to "Defeat him"" *says last thing sarcastically waving both hands in the air*
Caleb: "Yes! And I will! Im gonna become better than him!"
Ester: "Dont you at least want a bycicle with a larger gear? And btw... do you know how fast you need to go to make that jump?"
Caleb: "VERY FAST!"
Ester: "But how fast?"
Caleb: "NO IDEA!"
Ester: "128 kph. Your bycicle tops out at 50."
Caleb: *...*
Ester: "yep...."
Caleb: *GGGRRRR!!!!!* "IM WASTING MY TIME! IM WASTING IT!!! PEDRO WILL... PEDRO WILL BE RIGHT! HE CANNOT BE RIGHT! HE CANT! HE IS NOT! HES WRONG! I HATE HIM! HE MUST LOSE! I WONT LOSE! I WONT!" *gets on his knees and starts crying and slamming his fists on the forest soil, creating some small sparks*
Ester: "Hey calm down! HEY! I SAID SIT DOWN! CALM DOWN!"
Caleb: "....fine...What is it?"
Ester: "Look... Pedro is not what he seems. hes not playing... fair."
Caleb: "What do you mean? he beat me fair and square! I was not fast enough and he just flew past me with his huge bycicle and huge legs! He defeated me! So Now I-"
Ester: "Bro is on drugs, Caleb!"
Caleb: "Wha-?"
Ester: "yes. Pedro is on drugs. Hes juiced up. Enhanced. Cheating."
Caleb: "How come? How do you know that?"
Ester: "me and a couple people are tracking them down. he has a 14 year old friend named beatriz. The girl is a ruthless super genius who is also a chemistry and anatomic biology genius. She plays with all kinds of PEDs and tests them on test subjects she "Recruits" (keeps contained) In a worn down factory building 20 km from here, on Pedro, who she calls Test subject 1 (T1) and over 600 others. Also... herself. Bitch has no screws. Shes dangerous, cunning and efficient. You cannot. Win. Alone. Caleb. Join me."
Leyla: "He has college after summer! And we dont care!"
Ester: "im not forcing. Caleb what do you wan-"
Caleb: "IM IN!"