Komaks tombstone memorial goes here


*A moment of a frame she played against Ricky Walden, where both were toe to toe throughout. And... it being Ricky Walden, it quickly coalesced into an ice cold, slow and dreaded tactical battle. At this point, an Immature Komak would have expediciously delved into despair, as she is, as one can tell, even some perceptive beginners, that she is a primarly offensive player. She hates waiting and she hates thinking with no movement. She is eager, driven and direct. Loathes having to play mindgames. But... a victory, that she got, by beating Walden 5 to 2, in a best of 9 qualifying round, would have guaranteed her a spot in a tournament where she would likely meet Ronnie O Sullivan, which she greatly desired, as, that way, she could test her new Defensive skills out. She had to grow the adequate mindset, let alone the adequate skills to begin standing a chance against players like Ricky, who constantly frustrated, beat and, almost bullied her everytime she did not clean the table. So... she did. Armed with Cast Iron patience and an Intense gaze that lurks right from her stuffed armchair with a glass of water to the face... directly into the opponents soul, she gnaws at them... tiring... almost teasing... as a kind of competitive payback against everyone who bested her in defense before. Then... Its Ricky's shot. He takes it. After aiming, the cueball parts somewhere between the bottom left cushion and the yellow spot into nudged between  red and the top cushion. He takes it and... in Walden fashion... He nails it. Then .. its Komaks turn... who... despite the competitive facade, taps with the tip of her bizarrely made out of Cast iron cue on the table as acknowledgement. She puts a special kind of manganese powder-esque chalk in the tip... roams and roams... "Are you serious??? *sigh...* come on Komak... come on" Then... she gets an idea. She sees a way. She immediatly goes to the top cushion and... her pre shot swings are wide... very wide and fast... how much force is she putting on it??? But... she takes it. It hits the top left cushion, the top right cushion... at incredible speed, nudging a red that was stranded in the middle part of the table... making the white ball bounce on the bottom cushion and... arriving almost completly dead still, get almost glued to... the brown ball that was close to the left bottom cushion. The audience claps and cheers at our cyborg maid... and Komak then smirks at Walden with that dreaded intense, amber gaze.. not even feeling sheepish at the concentration drool she proceedes to wipe off her mouth with a thumb* *A bit of the post match interview mentioning the 3rd frame* "And Ms Komak! What was that shot a few hours ago? Certainly someone of your caliber would not hesitate in saying it was all planned out! Would I be guessing correctly?" "Not... not really.... you know... Even at this level... potting basic balls requires almost chronic training to do consistently? Know those black and red balls I was potting in my 90 point break in the first frame? Yeah... those are the ones I talk about. Let alone predict what happens after 1 cushion. And after 2 cushions? Its complete hit and hope. Complete and utter hit and hope. I had to get somewhat lucky for the shot to work. Thats half the reason I smirked at Walden... like: "Hehe... sorry about that, mate. But now its your turn". No actually proud player would ever tell you that my shot was 100% planned. Any player that tells you this is bad at lying and probably bluffing."


*Job offer in card Komak's employers go around distributing around town*
Hello guys. I am Komak the Maid. I am from russia, 47. I am a mechanical maid. I provide mechanical services and pleasentries at Firmino's garage down town. I do everything: From adjusting cam timing, installing turbos or even changing the head gaskets on those pesky boxer engines. My prosthetic metal had does not give a damn about finger discomfort so its good! Those are also jobs performed by the precise hands of a seasoned professional snooker player (currently rank 21 inside this year, 30th overall). This mechanical maid is also pretty passionate about Komak's job! Komak does rally in her spare time... going on escapades in the woods surrounding the center of town. I drive a subaru wrx 555 special, my pride and joy, with turbos installed by me! Its reliable and its 8 years old and still kicking since the first time I got my hands on its 4th ownership. I maintain it with care, and challenge it! The perfect mix to grow machines with personality! So come pay us a visit. Because you certainly shouldnt need to pay much to maintain your own mechanical baby running real smooth!