freakdiary pt3





Sigma baby momma goals:

1- Get a man.
2- Seduce it.
3- Let it impregnate you.
4- Leave it in some ragged halleyway.
5- wait for your cub to hatch.
6- squeeze it out.
7- Baby momma!!!!!
8- Worth it????!!!

I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother. 


Ok, so I was with this gurl just chillin the two of us with my boyfriend from that week. ( they were such simps oh my gosh... , but one of them was really cute, strong, smart  hard working and open minded. The other was like a really that dumb tamagotchi that is really clumsy but also charming, a hard worker and shy. I loved both of them. ) We arrived home after kicking the absolute ass out of some 3 idiots on the local pitch. (the boyfriend is a fucking tough ass duracel, my guuuurl made absolute killer passes and I am the genius elite striker.) We arrived, and it was dinner time!!!!! So we sat down (me and bae) at my bedroom. She asked: "Ok you said wait until home!!! Can you take me to pound town right now???!!!!" I said : " Dinner first, ok?" She yeellled: "Buuuuuuut I waaanaaaa!!!! I wanna! I wanna! I wanna! I wanna!!!!!!" I said: "Calm down! You are specially desperate today, you know?" Now, with an even more rough and screeching, piercing tone, she yelled: "But I was salivating throughout the whole way!!! I was just thinking about how you scored all those goals and you were really amazing and I love you!!!!!!" I said: "You were amazing too you know? And that other loser was also untireable!" She said: "Buuuuuuuut!!!!... You are moooooore better!!!!!.... Ok he was essential too... I love him too... Can I f*** him too?" I replied with the most badass, hesitant, voice cracked speech delivery ever: "After dinner, ok? And value yourself more. You deserve it." She suddently got a serious expression in her face, very diferent from her terrified look she usually has. She replied, as the rooms lighting and way she shifted her head made the top half of her face a darker shade, with a smooth, deep voice: "B..But I suck! I f****** suck! I dont want to live with myself anymore! I love people! I love helping and making them happy! I dont like living without people! Why cant I live with you???? Dont leave me!!!!!" I took a smooth breather and said: "What about you? You are a person, are you not?" She replies with a sarcastic jaded tone and her usual one, mixing the two tones: "Eeeeeeeeeeeehh....... not really!!!. I dont care about myself! I hate myself!! If you think you are healing me, you are wrong! I am not like you! I cant stand being alone! Thats why I am not self aware at all! And a complete dumbass! Those words are punishing! They hurt!!!! Dont say that ever again! You leave me and I snap into a billion addictions I swear! I do volunteering because people are important! Im not!" I said: "Is that so... well... but you have to at least tolerate yourself. Do you promise you can do that? Because people are not forever, you know... Are you religious?" She replied: "Yes. How do you think I get sleep at night? I think those commercials are really really disgusting! Dirty! They tell you that you want this! You want that!  You want whatever, whenever, howmutchever... What about them?????!!!!! When do they get stuff?" I asked again: "Did you understand my question?" She replied: "I said that yes, I am religious... what about it?" I insisted: "People are not forever. Do you get that?" She was speechless. She got an angry face and pulled back a fistful of rage. And started punching and yelling repeatadly with unhinged cadence and face, with despair on the voice: "SHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUP!!!!!!!!!!!" She then started crying her lungs out like a grieving animal. After ten minutes of agony, she got tired and collapsed on the ground, asleep. She woke up in the dinner table after sleeping for 1 hour. My boyfriend and I were done. I had yet to heat her food up. It was chicken pot pie. My boyfriend loved it. I thought it was kinda mid. She had not tasted it yet. Reflexively, but calmly, as soon as she rubs her eyes, starts eating up. her face was red. After eating for 10 minutes, She gets up and goes to the bathroom. She gets tricked up by the placement of everything. With the previous soft voice, but now in a calm and softly spoken manner, mumbles: "Where am I?" Omg she was looking sooooooo cute! I could almost devour her! Anyway... she continues, still calmly: "What house is this? Was I kidnapped? Have they tortured me? My head hurts... Wait!..... A-" She instantly switches to panic mode, her face goes pale, almost dead like, she then looks in every direction. She breathes very shallowly and quickly. She pisses herself. She looks at me. Her face goes red then... just stands there. My boyfriend and I approach her calmly. When we get close enough, she sucker punches me and my-boyo-boy. Boyscout boy said, calmly, slightly off tone: "Remember me? Im Filipa's dirt rag! You are Filipas favourite doll! We kicked their asses! Remember?"  continues "We are your threesome buddies! Oh and this is Filipa!" Points at me who is pointing at me simultaneously. Me and princess awkwardly stare at each other for like 10 seconds.( This was tense af frfr ) It felt like approaching a wounded wild animal. She then comes to her senses... and says, coming back to the jagged and screechy voice she got us used to: "OH... S...S...SORRY!!!! M...MY BAD! ARE... YOU O...KAY? PLEASE DONT GO!!!" WE ARE STILL F...F******, RIGHT?" I amusingly replied: "You dirty, dirty, dirty girl... yes. But you gotta outlast this guy first!" Cumbomb points at self, all proud and shit, with a huge, idiotic looking grin on his face. Can you take him on first? You can.. ri-" She snaps saying, like a scared squirrel...: "Me and the loser are on the same team, right?" The loser points at her, all cocky, and says with the most badass aura surrounding him: "You betchiam, screechess!" She starts hyperventilating, and after 5 breaths, she stops, and then looks at douchekid. She stares at him with blunt-shroom-esque eyes for like 6 seconds, rushing then at him, taking him down. She shakles him to the ground, with her hands on his wrists and her  shins on his thights, looking at him in hunger. She then starts making strange noises. Gets off him, with him looking awkward and shy (so cuuuuuuute!!!! They are like my two little pets. I wish they could have had a fight... I wonder who would win... He is cocky but is also clever. She can be persuasive and is taller. He is a boy. She is in gymnastics. He is mentally strong. She cries easly. He is heavier. She is more nimble. Who actually cares though, it never happened so it does not matter anymore.). I am bored so Im just gonna finish this: We had the hottest fucking threesome in all of the Earth and she came 3 times, He came 4 and I came 2. My room smelled disgusting after. It was so much fun! Goodbye!



"Main character" is my emotional warcry of self love. "Kicking ass" is my emotional warcry of determination.


I need movies


When we are together, every struggle feels like vague nonsense and I get lighter than air. Please abduct me! Please kidnap me. Please! Take me with you!


Hello I am Filipa! I have nothing to do with her but Im gonna tell you an episode involving Sofia.
Me. My boyfriend from that week and my crush were in a cycling race, some months ago from my boyfriends house in Lourinhã, Portugal to Praia do Paimogo. We were in the middle. Of a climb. My boyfriend was pulling and crush was taking on a guy from the other team way up in front. The other team had some girl, who I thought was a huge bitch, but was just high off lonelycaine and a girl, who I wanted to be eaten alive by, who was basically a teenage girl with the personality of a supportive dad. She told me all about the suposed bitch. Heck... these people have names... I am Filipa, My boyfriend was Adriano, my crush was Tomas, the guy was Duarte. The loner was Sofia. And the other girl was Joana. Everyone grew a beard during that day. So, Tomas was taking on this guy. I have psychic powers and I was zoning out while resting my legs. Beside talking to the soul of my parents (we were good... we were allways good... *sniff* anyway...) accidentally, I eavesdropped on the two guys in front. Tomas had morphed into this wild animal, very diferent from his usual alloof self, who was hungry, desperate for something only he knew. He muttered, with violent raging swings from his legs as he pedaled with all his might uphill, with the smooth motion of a pebble tied by a string pulled by hercules himself: "clutter, clutter, clutter... I need to burn away... all the clutter. It will all disapear. It must all disappear!!! I WILL TURN INTO A PERFECT BULLET AND EAT THE FINISH LINE! EVERY CELL IN MY BODY! GIVE ME POOOWWWEEERRRR WRRRAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!" The other guy, who wasnt in a cycling team Like Tomas, struggled to keep up as he was a muscular, tanky type of body. He muttered: "My words. They dont exist. But I matter. If I stay quiet I will win. All these people and all their complicated words... I never understood anything anyone has ever told me! Heck... thats why I am a rugby player I am just an animal! I dont feel pain ok? Im fine! but... why...is... nobody proud of me? That makes me angry! I will SHOW THEM!!!!!! I MUST!!!! A-" He muscles his way SCREAMING IN PAIN uphill like the gigantic idiot as overtakes Tomas in three strides  just before the descent. Tomas was concerned. "if he realises he can just pull away by not pedaling here  Im toast. heck... throw away all the clutter. Keeping him behind may work... but its a waste of energy. I must catch up uphill. The last summit of this checkpoint. Before the last duel" because Tomas was such a genius, he only lost 50 meters to Duarte. On the last climb, clutterboys and mute idiots fought it out for ultimate glory, but in the end, muscleman took an L and was ego-hospitalized for that day. should I keep going? Yes. Those two found it too mutch and took the day off. The 4 remaining continued. After Joana told me about Sofia, I and her decided to leave them alone. Sofia was the bitch, but also a poor innocent little girl who had no choice. Adriano, my bff (boyfriend forever) was the poor little boy who does not have the courage to give himself choice. Who wins? Let me give you the rundown: Adriano was naturally unathletic, but also completly masochistic. Sofia enjoys making friends in battle, but is a powerhouse. If Adriano, who had a crush on her can overcome his doubt, will become insanely powerful. She has nothing. Nothing else to worry about, and also nothing to lose. Adriano seems to get more powerful the more he suffers. And he pulled like a domesticated horse from the start. Sofia did not raise a damn finger the whole way (just in the start.) But, in the end, she is not even the most athletic of their team. We had my crush, Tomas, a professional cyclist now, taking care of the tactical stuff for us to avoid surprises. But Sofia is a prodigy genius and sports are her lair. We could have Tomas just anihalate her, but Adriano is the same as Sofia: They have diferent origins, but they are both resentful, angry, and very lonely. In the twisted battle of tormented souls, who prevails: The self induced loner, or the closeted arrogant loner? We wanted to know. And they both needed to settle this by themselves. So they finally pass by the second climb, the last one. Sofia then TELEPORTS forward, leaving Adriano in the dust. Adriano's spirit kicks the bucket and replies with slight acceleration. But he is also just getting started. Im gonna tell the rest of the story from the perspective of the their thoughts that I shamelessly eavesdropped with my psychic powers: "I cant feel my legs. I cant feel my face, I cant even convince me that this is worth it. But she is there. Right there. What if I just got... closer?" He then accelerates more, and more and more! He gets within 20 meters of Sofia, Who saw him coming and pulls away. Something then clicks (or dies) in Adriano : "HHAHAHHAHAHA!!!! NOW WHERE ARE YOU GOING! IM EXAUSTED, YOU KNOW?" are you, really, Adriano? ok sorry for my anoying interrupting "IM GOING TO POUND YOU, EAT YOU ALIVE AND I DONT CARE IF YOU TASTE DISGUSTING LIKE EVERYONE SAYS! I NEED TO REACH YOU! I NEED TO FEEL YOUR INNARDS!!!! I KNOW YOU ARE CALLING ME!!!!" He pedals with all of his frail spirit and energy put into use, smashing pedals and shaking violently with brutal movements. Sofia, looks back at him with fascination. He did not back down or lose hope. She mutters with an open smile: "Finally!" Then shouts with excitment and a bit of delirium mixed in: "COME GET ME YOU SHITNERD! COOOOMMMMEEE GEEET MEEE YOU LOOOOSSSEEEERR!!!!!!!!" Even with her pedaling her lungs out, at 1km from the finish line, he is right on her ready to blow past her back! (pause) She sprints, he sprints, she sprints He sprints. SHE SPRINTS, HE SPRINTS (omg this is amazing hihihihiihihi.... ahem... anyway) He thinks: "Ok... im ready to take you on! I am tired of the doubt. I rather mourn than be bitter! Im not gonna regret! Im not gonna suffer anymore! UURRRRRAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!" At 100 m from the finish line, they both scream! "IM NOT A TENNIS BALL!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH-" They both pedal, and pedal, and pedal, on top gear, their lungs, their muscles, the meat, the sweat, the taste of metal, the airstream. Everything becomes slow for a moment. Adriano already has deaf legs. They wont listen. Sofia feels more alive than ever. This is what she allways wanted! They pedal and pedal.... pedal... pedal, pedal, pedal, pedal pedal pedal pedal. PEDALPEDALPEDALPEDALPEDAL!!!!!!! AS THEY BOTH SCREAM, THEY CROSS THE LINE SCREAMING "FREEEEEEE MEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!" With.... Sofia winning. Everything then goes quiet. Sofia behind him but beyond the finish line, mutters: "im... sorry. thanks." falling from the bicycle. Adriano then also falls, muttering "Its okay.".