Filipas asskicking diary, pt2.



As I walk along a park pitch, during a hot summer afternoon, I contemplate the empty arena. I go get my ball currently stopped stopped next to a wall, grab it and start juggling. I juggle with my hair flailing around to the soft breeze of the middle of july. After some 10 kicks, I get into a trance. I start looking around and seeing things. I see an african kid, with a frail body running after a rolling ball in a muddy rural village of Ghana. The mother stops him for dinner. The kid catches up
to it and heads back. Then I start juggling it in my head. A song pops up in my head. "...Give me freedom, give me fire... give me reason... take me higher...". "Ever nation... al around us...".

"When I got older, I did get stronger... my mother called me princess, member of freedom ."

As I keep juggling, because I taught my mother how to talk to me telepathically (I keep the connection open), she was able to, at this moment, say: "Filipa. Score a goal, now."

I turn to a goalnet, stop juggling. Time slows down with the ball airborn and smack it in with a volley.

"Did you get it, princess of freedom?"

"Yes! Did you see it?"

"I already told you that I cant see your vision, sweetie. Sorry."

(Dad in the background. I can hear what mom hears)

"She is 23 honey! Dont call her sweetie. Isnt it a bit out of place for her age?"

"When she plays, she is 8 years old. When she tries her hardest, her ageing stops. Its in her blood."

I sit in the center of the pitch. I imagine Adriano, Tomas, Raquel. They are harsh, they are smart.
But they are kind and they stay. Yes. Even you, Ester. I still need you. But not close. Far. Yet, I still need you, here. Living. Not... gone.

I innocently turn my head. And I see Ester a couple blocks of distance from me. We make eye contact for some 3 seconds. She resumes her things. We just had a full conversation there. No need for more. Not telepathically. With memories. With feelings.

"So wave your flag, wave your flag. Wave your flag. Wave your flag!"

We are born to experience. We are born incomplete. Because we are born to experience. if you ever feel incomplete, you should connect. The world reaches us through our hands and feet. So touch it.



