*Ester opens a socket to me. I let her in... this time. This time it feels important.*
Filipa. This is a pre-thought message for you. *What? you can leave "Pre thought messages?" Damn... Ive always thought Ester would win big $$$ from being a Psychic know-it-all for a living alone...* yes. yes you can. This is a message for you, as your friend, abusive ex., shadow side and... soul-mate. Youve got to wake up, Filipa. You are currently in the process of becoming atomized and lonely. You dont do college assignments, clean your room, you fend off any attempt of other people knowing you better. You dont pay attention to your career, goals or your own values. You dont know what you want. You dont know what you need. You dont know what you are. And you are still focused on constantly redefining what you dont actually understand. People outside might get surprised by your antics and even find your attitude refreshing... but youre bullriding. Youre not in control. People need you to integrate in the world. Your creations, programs and performances are all excellent.  They all are. But... the streets wont fill up that void you feel in your heart every time you go to bed. They dont stop the monsters from showing up in your dreams. And it doesnt matter how much you think those monsters are all real. They are not. They are fears you refuse to acknowledge. Because your empty. Youre lonely. And youre destroying yourself with the absence of actual meaninful touch. Those people you engage in affectionate acts with... from the pitches, from the tech meetings, from the nerdy clubs... they wont add anything to your life. Youre burying yourself. You need to focus on a career. You need to work. You need to let go of your amazing toys, Filipa. Its true that, as you stand, you are already a Streets-Will-Never-Forget software engineer, a true poet and also a great and wise person. But you have no true goals or aspirations. Just shiny desire. Your friends might think your crafty. Your teachers might think youre clever. But, as you are, what you built wont ever be trully big. Your heart yearns for direction. So it you must follow. You must follow the path of the giants you stand on top of. Because none of what you create is yours. You must commit to what you want to be trully fulfilled. You must face the fear of unbalance. And Im not talking about medication, im not talking about hygienne. I know you take care of those now. I also know you respect authority and you used to try hard at college. But the ship is slowly sinking. You think I am crazy. But you do know the feeling. You cannot stop this sickness from taking over. Can you hear me, Filipa? Because I feel you out there. I visit your github regularly. You inspired me to become a software engineer too. But you must invest in yourself. Or your creations will be dissolved by the streets. And all will be lost. 