Filipa's asskicking diary




My second happiest day wearing a jersey was when I scored my first goal in a club. My first was when... well... it was full crowd, We were facing the Benfica in my age group!. We were a third division team. It was a friendly! We were pumped! almost no one from home even bothered to show up. We were focused and confident. I gave them my main character speech and got out of the lockerroom! We are in the pitch. we do the little cheesy circle sports cucks do or something. Then the game starts!!!! They are the home team so they start! Their monster forward moves with ruthless velocity! our keeper was barely awake! And he scores! Wow... they took 5 seconds to score! And 5 seconds its just the max time coaches gave us to think about the more complicated plays! So anyways, me and some teamates ran up to them and joined their celebration! We belly danced and gave a huge show! It was so mutch fun! After that game, that we tied, I got the number of that beast they call their forward Carlos! We went on a date. He is also a poet! What a beatiful man...


GOD that bitch is trying to talk to me again. "Hello, Filipa. Its Ester here! I miss you. So much. Please. Lets have lunch or something! Please! I need to see you agai-" No thank you. Although... she is not even looking at my thoughts unsolicited anymore... who cares! I wont forgive her!




I have a monster in my basement and its name is George

jet powered creativity, handcranked struggle


alcohol is as deadly as water, because both people that drink one and the other end up dead


I was unintelligent, untalented and unoriginal. Then worked myself into a mushy paste, then rebuilt myself with my own two hands full of cuts and gunk. Then was veered as a genius

Horny software inc.


Working hard is food for the soul labeled as perfectionism. Perfectionisitic obcession is nails on a chalkboard labeled as good music. Maidcore is also food for the soul. Maidcore artists are often perfectionistic. 


I was a comedian. Then I stop laughting and started crying. Now I am a poet


These are some sentences and titles and reflections from her:



I sometimes just feel like blowing up all my friends into chunks of organs, muscles and nerves



How am I so relaxed, you ask? I actually masturbate like a normal person.

Have you ever tasted someones jizz before? what about yours?



ben arfa failed because he was too good

ask me how many fucks I give and I will tell you: less and less everyday

I gave a bottle full of my squirt to a homeless man and told him it was water. He asked me for more the following day.



oh yes drop the fuel inside those two bombs of yours right into my face!


whats the size of my tits? Its double D, for dick detonators

I joined big men on a soccer game when I was 12 and got deliciously destroyed


I love being bissexual. I have more options for stress relief

I made files that build a binary tree with all my squirt jets sorted by acidity in every 2 am hot night I have had either alone or with one of my current toys

I love meat. I love growing it in me (specially in the leg and core locations). And love having it in me (That can be anywhere). But also love to apreciate it in others (specially when of good quality)















Statement.















I must become what I like to survive. I must be better. No one is gonna prescribe me how to live. Not anymore



Tenho de me tornar naquilo que amo para sobreviver. Tenho de ser melhor. E melhor que melhor. Nunca mais deixarei que me prescrevam a minha vida. Nunca mais.







Im cocky like a boy and needy like a girl. The absolute best of both worlds




I like tormenting and bullying small, special children to clone myself

resentment is a myeloma of the soul. for it to go, something else will go too








irresponsible is just an invalidating label invented by those that dont understand the ones who hate being prescribed how to live



one of the boyfriends I had when I was 15 told me that I was not weird, as was common belief among the other suckers at my class, because God decided to use me as a lab rat to test new features, but because when I was a child, I triped and fell face first into concrete, damaging my beautiful brain. Never heard sweeter words than that ever since 


people told me in my face that my lifes work was nothing more than a toy and I could not even say a word


people ask me what gender I identify myself with. I say none of the existing ones. Im just a freak





when I was a child, I triped and fell face first into concrete, damaging my beautiful brain. 


I have allways been and will allways be a cristal b****


"There are limits to shameless ness, my god! Pull yourself together!" Well... lucky me that you're not the one in charge


I am the f****** main character of this bitch, ok?! Im so awesome that I just dont leave my room because the sun would feel my heat and loop through every single physical state 3 times and end up in the liquid one. Yes,  youre damn right I can melt that hoe! Also, If you saw me wearing a maid costume right now, you would be the one serving me, you understand?


you know my ass belongs to the streets but you still cant stop looking, can you?




Oh. My. God. Who is the girl with the huge legs? please just tell me! she needs to crush me right now!

Filipa sempre que submete algo no github be like: Ok, está pronto! consegui! ! o meu filhote de duas semanas!!! os meus bébés têm de nascer e de experenciar o sofrimento  frieza, carinho e tristeza do mundo fora dos meus braços! de destruir e serem destruídos! sejam livres! vão! vão!


virtual precious memories


motherly-stack dev



Ok, I cant take it anymore! I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE! NONE OF THIS MEANS ANYTHING ANYMORE! All of this crap ive built and held on to.... just to prove some vague point in my mind... JUST LET ME EXIST GOD DAMMIT!!!! IM.... tired of this, ok? im tired...



Reason is just controlled intuition. Intuition is guessing. And the people who think guessing is dumb are the ones that, when they guess, guess too hard. That is ignorance.



Andrew Tate is only wrong about women



people often jokingly ask if I am religious. Well, I think the two most common religions I know, Christianity and Islam, are very good tools for living a balanced life, where the first one teaches you acceptance of you and others and the other teaches intuition control. Knowing that, I think I strive to be both a Christian and a Muslim in my life. Yes, I am both christian and muslim

my favourite animals to eat are snakes and oysters



who cares about what I am. whether or not I am confident, I am the same.


Weak people cry, Cold people hide, Strong people swim through life sailing on top of their tears.



I must understand... I must understand... I must understand... I must understand... what I am made of. If I figure that out, I can live in peace.



Life is a tinkering, not a solving



Playing is living Living is playing. Those who take themselves too seriously will just drag unecessary sorrow along the way. No more pretentiousness. No more ignorance. Never again


The happier, the colder. The sadder, the kinder. The smarter, the more ignorant. The dumber, the wiser.


It feels like people live as if they are constantly preparing for something. Like setting up a glitch for purpose in a game they will never really fully understand.


watching a lonely man wait for a train gives me immesurable ammounts of existential dread


when their guilt tripping does not work, they resort to direct verbal assault


being introverted is a gift everyone has


imagine growing up loveless and have people telll you that "having too mutch love" is a problem

she was like the princess of narcisism living in the castle of hate


imagine living without regrets and having people tell you that you "should live more".


imagine enjoying your live and being forced to feel guilt for the misery of who does not know how



The OS of my porn collection manager plays beautyful punk rock in the background while I rail myself with and to tasty bouncy meat. It has more bugs that my hair after I went to my girlfriends house one time this summer. Its sorted by peak volume in feminine voice frequency.


go ahead. shame me until I magically morph into something you can understand


I love gaslighting small, shy, special children until they believe that, just being alive isnt enough to count as a human being and that everything that they will ever enjoy is sin, and then watch as their immature, innocent brains nod obediently at every poisonous, invalidating word I spit out, and their sharp, accurate intuitions give them mortified looks on their faces as they stare at my rattlesnake snout of a face with an enormous, open mouthed smile and sweet looking eyes as they realize that, whatever monster they are looking at, is what they will become when they grow up, not astronauts or firefighters.





I want to gaslight one of those more serious and reserved kids until they believe that they are gay like me and that everyone was already able to tell


I was in this bus, and my day had been really stressful. So, usually, I take the two vibrators I carry on my cargo themed backpack, light em up and rub them in the sides of my forehead to relax. So that is what I did.




