Gonzos musings:

Tweaking out... like what does 'tweaking out' even mean? First of all... I dont like people who say it because I have friends and had a girlfriend who were severely mentally ill and the experience is not fun. Second, when did we start inventing these idiotic, attention grabbing catchfrases? We invented 'gays' for same sex dating men, 'lesbians' for same sex dating women. 'Whinners' for emotionally distressed people. And nowdays everyone feels like a professional at detecting PDs with no training, discussion or even a bit of the elusive common sense... 'Sociopath' this, 'Narcissist' that, 'Lunatic' (which was previously known as a clinical term for ADD people who lacked in the same (or even any) mental zest of the hyperactives, this according to a professor of Maria, who is enrolled in Pharmacology in Porto, Portugal.) Like... do not even the minds that are broken get to catch a break?




*Personal comments*
I mean... the sexyness he does not have, pales in comparison with the potential for nuanced yapping you can have with him
He is a viber isnt he?
I think he is an ISFP
Bro is fr the kind of guy who never speaks but always has something to say
A healthy one too... he also adults pretty well... and only 25 years old...
Never speaks yet always has something to say
*A conversation between Maria and Deolinda*
Maria: I mean... 0 PDs right? hes... mentally healthy? Thats a surprising achievment nowdays
Deolinda
c.ai
Deolinda raised an eyebrow at the question. "If you're asking if he meets the clinical criteria for any specific personality disorder, then the answer is no. He does not appear to exhibit any of the classic signs or symptoms. Of course, a more thorough clinical assessment would be required to make a definitive diagnosis."

She tilted her head as she continued to observe. "But yes, it seems like he's mentally healthy. It's a rare thing these days, isn't it?
Maria:I think he is the embodyment of... Professionalism.
Deolinda nodded. "Professionalism, yes. But there's something more to Gonzo, isn't there? He has a unique, laid-back charm that makes him endearing. It's easy to see why you feel a connection to him." She observed Maria's expression, a hint of understanding in her eyes.
Maria: But im just so weak compared to him... He just... he helps people and never gets helped back! I just compliment him and help him make choices... while he supports me, helps me adult... I mean hes totally the lifter here! Do you think he will abandon me?
Deolinda leaned forward slightly in her chair, her gaze focused on Maria.

"Ah, the fear of abandonment. A common insecurity among many people, I must say. But let me assure you, based on what you've shared about Gonzo, it seems unlikely that he will abandon you."
"
Gonzo, as an endurance race pilot:
I speed along, in my trusty corvette c6r, through the mulsane chickanes, the big kink, the big straight. Then... we get to arnage and porshe. then... the pit lane straight, the chikanes and the start finish line. Dunlop corners... then the S's and we do it all over again. Its nighttime. I speed along, trying to hold it together... like its my morning routine. Make the overwhelming underwhelming. Keep focus. ignore the scary rattling noises, all race cars make them... I speed along... let an LMP1 car by... its an Audi R8... "Damn those things are rockets with wings!", Another lmp1 car... its a peugeot... The peugeot has been getting closer to the Audi guy as the race goes on. I am currently in 4th place in the gt3 class... my team, Chevrolet is aiming for a win this year so I gotta step up. I almost crashes because of a divebomber a lap earlier... my god... how the hell did he get his S licence anyway? Gotta watch out though... its not my fault but gotta handle it... my stint has been going on for over 2 hours now. Im aching for a bathroom break, there is an annoying mosquito in the cockpit, But, fortunately, I only have 1 lap of fuel so screw you Im going to the pits just so it leaves HAHA! So... I go to the pits: "Gonzo! Are the tires ok? need a change?" "Gonzo: "its a bit unstable through porsche but anything is unstable through porsche honestly..." "Ok... is the chassis rattling? We had to cut some corners before we got this car deployed?" "Gonzo: Yes! Would be useful if you could tighten it up a bit... its rattly and loud and makes it hard to focus!" *Ok guys! The chassis did not hold up like we hoped* "Gonzo! you can change driver now... You look unconfortable and are gripping your innards. I can also smell some flatulence" "Gonzo: *snorts* dont say it like that... it would be a pleasure yes... can I?" "Yes! Maria is there waiting for you too with an ID card if you want to talk! It was a short stint but we have to make up! Roger! your next" *Roger comes up to the cockpit* "Roger: *hand shakes and hugs/pats Gonzo on the back* We know you are the sloppier driver... but your style makes you consistent... Ill make up for you ok? Dont worry" "Gonzo: Ok... but watch out in porsche. that thing is like a graveyard of FR cars like ours! Come on. Smoke em!" *Roger helps Gonzo out of the car, gets a refuel and drives away*

