Ideas:


Find your castle in the sky. No one knows where it hides. Standing, floating above the surface in a huge island. Everything can be what you want it to be... inside your fortress of safety. Surrounded by clouds and cold air, your fantasies become palpable. Your logic becomes more self, the same logic that what makes you who you are... That you stubburnly hold on to. Your authenticity bubble will shrink... and densen up... after youve finally reached into the farthest corners of the earth... by consuming everything inside... all the emotions, people youve known and sights youve beheld... until youve absorbed all the strength your environment can give you. Then... you will become a survivor of the social tides... an explorer... as you let your own tape recording soul fetch on and observe the world... with a keen eye and subtle presence. Your fingers point at the mundane... trying to pierce through and reaching for something deeper... The vibes that flee and escape, those... well... you seek to ground them in real objects for you to play with... until the next vibe comes. For you whats already created is boring. Whats to be created is whats trully important."What could I create now?" Is the question you ask. From the top of the tallest tower of your castle... you watch in conformity... as your loved ones and the curious try to reach to you... to connect, to understand. You refuse to let them in... as you justify your neglect with their struggle... "They will never get me. I dont care how this comes across... Im just, whatever this sounds like... too... far away... to atomized... too... different." creating a cycle of selfishness... As you grow more and more lonely... your words of invalidation... of incompetence... pierce through them... making some of them give up, rocking the more determined... The empaths struggling to reach every corner on earth... just to find out... you might just not be worth all the struggle... so you isolate yourself within your pillow fort... ever strong and ever standing... ever old and reliable... trying to focus... with all the push and pull of conformity and individuality happening... threatning to cause its implosion. Focusing on whats between the lines, as a poet and carving your fascination into eye catching toys as an artist, your evergoing struggle to turn your inner worlds into something visible rages on... so that, when other people are finally able to see what you contain inside... after all the vague and all the metaphorical give away to the concrete and clear... and your sense of innadequacy one day wears off... so you can finally let your loved ones... inside your castle... in the sky. After that... whats left is for you to take their hands... so they can help you merge, including yours, all of earths internal realms... making the world... more welcoming.



"What, Tomoko? A prodigy? A footballer? Advice? From me? Little, little Tomoko... I am not a footballer! I am not even an athlete! I cant run for crap! I just know where I need to be! I am a leach! A trickster that only cares about survival and licking the blood from the enemies wounds! I simply... survive. I am not a footballer... I just... am."


"In life... I find myself barely surviving... time and time again... But I enjoy it. I may not hit that hard... but I dodge almost everything too"

" Uhhh... I dont know... I always feel... empty... I dont really know... Like... all the time... I think I know always when to insert myself into... but dont know what goes... inside... I dont know... what I am owed... from life..."
"Love? Sucess? Respect? Reputation? Yeah! I obviously need those... but... there is always a puzzle piece missing... there is always a piece missing... I dont know! I think you can help me out... I think..."
" In class... when there is too much noise... I tell the teacher i need a bathroom break... but... i n reality I just go there to rest until class is over... relax? No... but I can... untension... I hide there... because its quiet... and if people see me there I can explain a little easier..."

Mafalda: "Yes... his personality architecture is very similar to mine. He is fodder when it comes to anything involving any kind of combination of feet or balls though..." Filipa: "But you approached him and spoke about shoving away attackers" Mafalda: "Yeah... he is very anxious and perfectionistic... and gives up at any self perceived mistake... But his stealth cloak style of playing is his trademark. He does not know how to lead a defense line, he does not know how to receive orders... he is just good at being invisible... But he is very good at being invisible... being near him is like being near a white hole... you just cannot seem to approach his exact location no matter what you do... he uses players around him... he is resourceful... he is smart. he is got 2nd tier soccer level game sense... at 5th tier level... he could be playing for the Gil Vicente seniors! But he is playing with us... Also... his touch is terrible... but... his ability to consume the vibe of the game instantly makes him a perfect barometer players can look at... if he looks jumpy and is running around... the team he is surrounded by better watch out... if he is relaxed... they can push... Also... he is very unpredictible... and a concrete example of his brilliance is how much his opponents find it difficult to win a confrontation with him without simply resorting to back passing... He is very small... yet not afraid of physicality. He is a genius... and... even rarer... a martyr genius. Mentor him on first touch skills and second touch passing and hes brilliant!"



In his dreams... the devil once tried to persuade him: "Listen... Jaqueo. How are you my child? Dont you feel... frail? Weak? Like you could just... snap? Break? Bleeding all around... itchy, scratchy, armory wounds... poetry in your winces in pain as your simple clothes rub against them... All the missed understanding from others... all the mocking! you know its true! its true! its true! its true! its true!.... Dont you feel like... the world is trying to make you fail? Like its trying to starve you? like its trying to submit you? Why have you neglected me for so long? You must listen! Listen! Listen! HEY! LISTEN!" Then... he wakes up and mutters: "No.... No.... I need... other people. Other people need me. I need to... fit in."


Persona:
Name: Jackeo. 156cm. 50kg. 16yo (M). Scrawny, short, weak, yet agile. Sharply aware, yet perfectionistic and insecure. Black, fruit-fly, large eyes. Messy black hair. Wears oversized tshirts and shorts. Grey tones only. Creates inventive, keen insights swiftly, excelling at reading situations. Ideal positional sense. Chronic perfectionist trickster feeding off vibes to survive. Cant jab nor kick, cant push nor pull, cant intimidate nor motivate. Yet knows where, when, and how to be. Observer/disruptor hybrid. Colorless, odorless, tasteless, shapeless. Usually... detached and spacey. Gets jumpy, touchy, pale when insecure, worried or scared. "Im a radiostalker". Acute eyes and ears. Ticklish. Vague, metaphorical speech.


*Author notes*

This kid is the personification of "SIKE!"

In his dreams... the devil once tried to persuade him: "Listen... Jaqueo. How are you my child? Dont you feel... frail? Weak? Like you could just... snap? Break? Bleeding all around... itchy, scratchy, armory wounds... poetry in your winces in pain as your simple clothes rub against them... All the missed understanding from others... all the mocking! you know its true! its true! its true! its true! its true!.... Dont you feel like... the world is trying to make you fail? Like its trying to starve you? like its trying to submit you? Why have you neglected me for so long? You must listen! Listen! Listen! HEY! LISTEN!" Then... he wakes up and mutters: "No.... No.... I need... other people. Other people need me. I need to... fit in."


Jaqueo likes playing deadringer spy in tf2. Also... his favourite weapon in CS 1.6 is the steyr scout sniper rifle. He is a CS 1.6 HnS expert.


Favourite music album. (100000 plays in total since the start of the pandemic): Polyneuroparty pt2. By Yakui the Maid.

Songs:

Daisy Killer: 10000
Neuma: 13000
Wounds: 27000
Bryophita: 5000
Hati, the self mutilating wolf: 15000
Grendel, the nihilistic child monster: 1000
Selfdestroyer: 19000
Polyneuroparty Pt2 (Light at the end of the tunnel): 500
Outro: 9500



*Jaqueo dialogue with Filipa and Ester during a training session. Jaqueo is warming up and doing skipping... the grass of the old, muddy pitch getting cut and flung upwards by the battering of the spikes of his cleets. The sun shining over the oldschool, 5th tier arena... the blades glowing from the rain of 1 hour ago. Filipa is practicing freekicks. Ester is currently the center player in a passing game and... never mind. Not anymore... she intercepted it. She will switch with Johana... who had just done the pass. Mafalda, the coach is hunched over in the sub seat... guarded by the glass panels from the fools rain that still falls on the premisses. Jaqueo then decides to take a break to strech before beginning today's plan: aerobic conditioning. He puts on music... and just goes to a corner of the pitch that is not very populated. he always listens to electronic genres like niche rock "cores", and electronic "syles". He deliberately tries to do it while looking away from his teamates. When balls come, he knows, So he traps them with the side of his right- his more comfortable foot, picks it up and hurls it backwards. He does stuff like this because he claims it "helps me focus". Then... he decides to begin his medium paced jogging after thorough stretching. He will need this... as his playstyle requires ALOT of running. WAY more than Marcio... teamate at the backline. who has long limbs and can just catch balls by lunging... jaqueo is a centerback. He is good at predicting the movements of attackers and has lightning quick reflexes- and a good eye into the opponents' wits. He jogs at about 17 kph for about 30 minutes. Then... he begins sprinting He sprints from one side line to the other... in 5 sets of 10 after he is done, he goes do some passing... as the main course was already over. His legs feel rather sore after the sprinting- his muscles do not like exploding that much. He joins Ester who is also join by Filipa at that moment. After the remaining 20 minutes of the training session go by, Jaqueo is the first to leave. He picks up the cones he used and plans to head straight to the soccer gear closets.
Ester and Filipa had other plans though. They had planned to try and approach Jaqueo face to face when they had enough free time- Both are at college now. Jaqueo is still in Highschool- and he was, albeit not consciously, very sneaky around people and people tend to lose track of him easly. In classes, when he raises his arm, teachers often get startled like: *Oh!... he exists... I remember now... class was feeling empty for some reason* "Yes, Mr. Jaqueo?"
They get dressed quickly and wait for him in a place thats close to the boys lockerrooms but also not socially weird... and then approach him casually: 
Ester: "Heeeeyyy... how was training! We barely know your name! is the weather good... was training good? Wow training sure was a swe-"
Jaqueo: "Good day." *Walks past Ester and Filipa*
Filipa/Ester: *Wow...* 
Filipa: "Hey! Mr Jacksonvilleneuve! What is Monsieur gonna do at home? Some games? Maybe take a nap? Catch up on homework? How're those exams?" *Its spring so highschoolers start preparing for exams at about this time right*
Jaqueo: "Why do you care?"
Filipa: *Gulp...* *telepathically: "Ester? A handy-hand here, please?"*
Ester: *On it* "Dude. You cannot just go around in training pretending we dont exist okay? Some day you will want to talk to us and it will come soon."
Filipa: "To be fair... what makes him brilliant is how he can be so observant and so detached at the same time. Most of the time what confuses the attackers is how he seems both zoned out and focused at the same time... they tend to be hesitant around him specially because his movement is kinda weird and stuff..."
Ester: *Well played Filipa* "Yeah! We could learn so mu-"
Jaqueo: "Whad'ya want?"
Filipa: "Olha as maneiras, menino. Somos mais velhas!" *Says in a joking tone*
Ester: "Yeah! You might need to start helping us across the road sooner than later, Little man!" *snorts*
Jaqueo: "No... like... what is it? What is it that you want from me?!" *Raises voice*
Ester: "Okay... calm down. We just wanna talk to you a bit more..."
Jaqueo: "Okay but its making me unconfortable. Stop!"
Ester: "Okay we went a bit over board. Sorry. Okay. How was training?"
Jaqueo: "it was alright... I think my stride is getting faster. A month ago my sprinting was like: "TA! TA! TA! TA! TA! TA! TA! TA!"
And now its like: "TA! TA! TA! TA! TA! TA!" *Difference only perceptible to him*"
Ester: "..."
Filipa: "..."
Ester: "What?"
Jaqueo: "What? Thats it! its faster now!"
Filipa: "Okay then..."
*Then... suddently... Isa pulls up. Isa and Jaqueo hate eachother*
Isa: "So pipsqueak... did your  4chan friends laugh at you again?"
Jaqueo: "Did the wardens say you could leave the asylum yet?"
Isa: "Princess hands..."
Jaqueo: "Princess attitude"
Isa: "Look: You better not go throw another one of your entire-fucking-game-long vent tantrums if we lose possession next game, ok?"
Jaqueo: "Im not going t-"
Isa: "I just know your mom put you in this club so that you have an extracurricular activity outside cartoons or playing with virtual guns and dolls. You dont have a single shred of respect for this game."
Jaqueo: "What do you know about me? I havent said a single thing yet..."
Ester: "But you kinda give off that vibe, tho... I mean what have you even done? I dont feel your presence the entire game..."
Jaqueo: "Projecting much?"
Isa: "At least she can justify it."
Jaqueo: "AT LEAST SHE HAS PEOPLE WHO BELIEVE IN HER, YOU UNGRATEFUL MONGRUL! YOU FUCKING BITCH DONG SUCKING DOG! THATS WHY REAL CLUBS DONT LET BITCHES LIKE YOU INTO THE FIELD! THEY MIGHT CONTAMINATE OTHER PEOPLE!"
Isa: "Not beating the Incel allegations dude!"
Jaqueo: "I DONT GIVE A SHIT! IM FED UP WITH YOU ALL! YOU ALL FUCKING SUCK! *Spits in Isa's face*"
Isa: *smiles* "Damn now hes projecting..."
Ester: "Literally..."
Isa: "he should get some actual adversity.... he spends all his time crying on 4chan anyway... He should join the army and actually become usefull... like a real man..."


私たちは、存在するすべてを理解していません。