Laras diary goes here


*Appointment with Dr. Ramani*

*So... basically, what happened is that Lara wanted to start sorting out her life, but she had no idea where to begin. But she could not get advice from her mother, for obvious reasons. She had 1 thing to work with: She had a hunch that she was... an airhead. So... she looked up descriptions online of what that could entail and one that came up was, Attention Deficit Innatentive Disorder that she, conveniently for plot, chose to leverage for dear life to escape her dazed nightmare of a life. And she watched alot of Ramani Lectures... and was captivated by her straightforwardness, matter-of-fact speech and know-around in psychology. So she spent her entire summer trying to find where she works at, ommiting everything from her mother this entire time. So eventually, they end up meeting up, Lara gets in Ramani's office... and this is how it goes*

L=Lara
R=Ramani

L- H- Hello... R- Ramani.
R- *Evaluating Lara. Her look is unimpressed... almost defensive and cautious. She *just knows* what the problem is, because of course she does* Hello! What brings you here today? *presses recording button on her smartphone on her lap... keeping her hands hidden from Lara this entire time. Lara does not know a thing about therapy meetings so she thinks this is normal.*
L- I... uhhh... sorry... I... ok.... Wait... let me think...
R- *Thinks: "Look at her... what an airhead... She is at least a cluster B... lets see if she gets worse though...*
L- *Feels unconfortable and awkward* Uhhhhh what... what do I say? Ok... I think... I am sorta... sad when I.... uhhh... Ramani... I think you are very smart... so I came here... and thats it...
R- *Does not articulate Goals, spaced out and dazed and look at those breasts... at least 15 hundred dollars on surgery. What a hoe... she just has to be an HPD... all exhibicionistic... what an absolute viper...*
L- R- Ramani... 
R- *Sigh... another stupid princess crawls into my office* *blurted it out*
L- *Gasps* R- Ramani?
R- *No! She is onto me! Shes gonna start seducing me now! Activate counter measures!* Miss... your eyes... are very pretty! And that golden hair! Is that essential oils? Snake? Camel saliva? Those surgeries...
L- W- What?
R- *What? Its not working? What is she made of? Rocks and sticks? Ok Im wiping the floor with her thats it.* Look: Bitch. I hate when creepy crawlies with pretty looks and shit brains wander into my office just to get attention. Dont waste my time or I will take away that sly, cunning smile of yours you python!
L- *Speechless*
R- What? Did I touch a nerve? I hope I also hammered it... Dont wanna leave anything left... *giggles*
L- W- What?
R- Dont try to fool me! You came to my office because your parents are tired of feeding spineless, make up obcessed princesses like you!
L- *Already has tears in her eyes... perserveers... "Should therapy really be like this?"* I- I have ADID!
R- *Scoffs* Oh really? *Leans closer* Explain... airhead!
L- Ok... I read a description and I am an airhead so it made sen-
R- BULLSHIT! You are just making up excuses for having the soul of a wasp! A fruit fly! just looking for the sweetest smell! You really do piss me off...
L- Uhhh... Do I still... have to pay?
R- That depends... if you want to start acting right... I think you should... Like... the way you speak... the way you dress... the way you think... I mean... you can barely call that thinking. Id say its just... warming up your scalp but nothing is really happening inside, is it? I dont know like...  It seems you are okay but at the same time I dont know if you have NPD, HPD or if your brain is just shit!
L- *Crying...* Im... *Sobs* Im not s- shit...
R- *Shakes head in cold disapproval* Lousy party goer
L- What? B- But I hate parties!
R- Uhhhhh... look what we have here! A misunderstood introvert who does not like parties? Those big breasts really do suggest it! Its like every move you make is to get a man to dig out your entrails through that nasty cave between your legs... 
L- No... this is not right... this... this... t- THIS IS NOT RIGHT! I HAVE ADID! I DO! I DO! I WONT LET UP UNDERSTAND?! I NEED YOUR HELP! YOU ARE SMART AND RELIABLE AND I AM NOT SO I NEED YOU! PLEASE HELP ME! I DONT UNDERSTAND! YOU ARE SUPOSED TO HELP ME! HUMANS ARE SUPOSED TO BE GOOD! WHY DOES EVERYONE LOOK LIKE MOMMA?! WHY?! WHY CANT I ESCAPE MOMMA?! ITS IN THE TESTS, THE BUS, THE TRAIN, THE HOUSE AND THEEEEM IN THERAPY?!*



*Author notes*


This is lara. Homo bewilderus: An 
Ignorant. But charming creature.

Lara calculating 3.28 times 5:


"I know that... I know its 15 plus something. Ok... 28 fits 3 times inside 1. And 3 times 28 is 30-6 so we get 84. We have 15.84. Then we have 2 0.28s remaining. Its between 15 and 16"


"My favourite soccer club is... AJAX from the Netherlands."


life update: Lara wants to be a kindergarden educator. Dealing with children, mutually exchanging imaginary worlds, dynamising activities... fun with them in the cafeteria... answering their questions with more questions... somehow... being called an idiot by a child does not feel cruel. It feels... healing. Comfortable. Grounding. She is not good at office work or sitting still for hours in the same spot. She would rotate between different age groups at the kindergarden facility, every 2 hours or so, to keep herself and, following from that, the children, more engaged. She likes taking care of childrens bruises... and to tell off kids who badmouth others.
She wants to... make it right.


During the night, she used to have nightmarea where... she was in a forest. The trees... they spoke, they had holes in their grand, imposing and solid trunks, resembling faces that moved and warped. Inside them.... an endless, pitch black void. The trees... they would grow taller... and more of them would appear every night... Talking over eachother... talking loudly... harshly... yelling... like her mother. Calling the same names. "Just like mother". So... after those nights, she would skip school... and go to the nearest forest... by sneaking into a bus... so she could go talk... to trees. But... These trees... they cant talk. They have thin trunks, no mouths or eyes... no endless voids. They did not yell... all they did... was a ruffling sound from the wind... leaves picked up from them by the wind hit her face... and she smiles. walking around... she can see foxes sneaking into bushes at the level of her feet, deer... some bears that dont approach her... "Bears are nice... they dont hurt us... unprovoke... they are our friends."
The can see sunlight... beneath the foliage... pierced by several silvery light beams... in these temperate woods. Bark trees... Eucalyptus, bushes, grapes, strawberries, red berries... olives... and... no yelling. Just the sounds from the gravel that her feet slide over with each curious step, peeking over each tree... until she finds a shack. In that shack, she finds... a maid. Smoking in a balcony. Its a wooden treehouse. Komak the Maid... lives in a treehouse. And the two... finally meet. 

Hello. I am Lara. The Dumb, Useless blonde. I am 21 years old. I live in the Forest with a Mechanical Maid as my now parental figure. I skipped school and did not complete a single conventional education test sucessfully since about 3rd grade. My mother has treated me like shit since 5th grade. We had tumultuous discussions about stuff like "Why I am live" and about how I was a "Good doll to show her friends while I was still cute. Now Im just useless"... She made me eat in the rain when I failed tests over... and over... and over... and over... and over... and over... and over... and over again. I was crying I was red faced. I looked at her in the window. Knocking and crying. She would close the shutter and keep listening to her shitty soap opera that always shows up at the same time of day. I mean... I also always show up at the same time of day... thats the same, right? Is that how it works? Anyways... The teachers would just tell me Im just lazy and dumb. My mother did not help me at all. My friends are a desire. I dont know where My only real friend is because my mother never gave me a phone. One day... when the last test of highschool ended, with me not writing nothing, I went into the forest... and decided: I belong here. So now... with 22 years of age... I kill squirrels for protein and collect veg and berries for vitamins. My friend Komak gets the bread. I get the dinner. We live in a treehouse. We sometimes go on fun rally adventures on her subaru together with her drug addicted friend, Yakui the Maid. My god do I love Rally sunday with Komak... Anyways... I buy spears from a trusted supplier in the ebay website- Its the only thing I know how to use a computer for. Fuck you mother. I kill these stupid squirrels... I chase them around the leaves. My personal record is 20 in a day. All the blood that they spill out... I use it to make red guache paint. The hemoglobin particles really adhere to the paper. and I like the slightly orage undertones that dragging the brush with small ammouts of paint produces. I buy these metal sharp rods from ebay and then go to kill. Ive also fought a wolf and survived. he was alone... and wounded... like me. So... a battle of equals. I survived. But my god it was scary as shit. I have a fear towards any kind of dog now. Fuck you mother. Now... I am Lara. Lara the Hunter. I am not Lara the dumb blonde anymore. I am Lara the hunter.

Ill never be ok. But Ill always get better and shine brighter


Ok guys! Ive updated my diary because Ive came to tell you ive got my FIRST EVER JOB! It seems I dont need to be a hunter anymore! I got a job as a truck driver! Komak taught me how to drive a Subaru 555 and now I drive trucks! I wander the forest in muddy trails with 6 wheelers and stuff like that, fetch loads from log stations in the woods and then go deliver them in mills for them to be processed! I operate under freelance and I can be found at the forest where Komak the Maid's treehouse is located! Its really fun! Its exciting and sometimes the truck flips over! I then have to ask the boss to help me turn it back around and he gets mad and screams alot... but then I can drive again! And then... and then... and then I get the logs... and the logs make it like 1010101230013131313123761283 times harder to drive my truck! I mean its their truck... anyways! When I flip over with cargo, the boss gets less angry... but he still pulls me by an ear and tells me I will get less money for it. I managed to complete my first delivery yesterday... my boss said he had seen better... but was glad I did it with a smile on my face! and hell I did! It was so cool! and I get to meet new people at the delivery route terminals and I do not have to eat the poor squirrels anymore! I dont have to be a hunter! I dont! I dont! Hahaahahahh! My god I cant stress enough just how much it absolutely disgusted me to have to make stew out of those cute little things... it made my heart ache so bad! But now I am a truck driver! And I deliver wood, and sometimes I leave the forest, go to the highway (the highway is scary! People get close to my truck and I get really scared of crushing them! And then the guys in the cars that have moustaches on their grills (Komak calls them "BMW's") Are completly insane! they get ultra close to my wheels! I honk at them but they just honk back and stay there! I almost had an accident with one of them! it was at a bridge, I wanted to move into the passing lane and they did not let me! Hmpf... Why the hell would he not let me move my truck to the passing lane... I dont know... I gotta ask it to Komak... anyways. But I drive on the highway (which is HUGE by the way. It takes like 121236376365312365123651236512365312 million years just to get to the refineries) and then get to refineries. And then have to drive AALLLL the way back... careful meanwhile so I can keep preserving my own fuel (I asked if I could use some of the fuel on the big fucking cylinder I toe around the highway... and they laughed in my face. Which I assume means "no".... But I dont know why... whatever) and not "gas out" along the way (OHHHH!!!! SO THATS WHERE THE TERM "GAS OUT" COMES FROM!!!!!!!). And then get TO THE FOREST... AGAIN and deliver fuel to Mr. Meyers at his petrol station near the entrance to the trails... And I never got explained what I do with the empty tank... so I mostly just leave it there and drive off! And my god its exausting! Its been alot of fun but its tiring! Wish me luck!

*Author notes:*

Her boss doesnt really think she is the *best* or the *quickest* or *most efficient* employee he's ever had... but he knows he can count on her almost anytime she is active but not already on duty, she is fun for the people that await her loads, she is creative, she gets through very tricky situations, although the mistakes she makes really grind his gears sometimes... making him shout things at her he sometimes really doesnt mean... her reverend but simultaneously indifferent reactions making him feel rather guilty most of the time. "Its like she has no ego... what... what a girl..." He mutters everytime she ends yet another walkie talkie shouting session after he just shouted at her for flipping the truck... *again* or losing yet another... tiny... little... *tree trunk* along the way, the regret always coming some 30 to 50 minutes later... after he has cooled off and reminds himself of the things Komak, the person who brought him Lara, told him that Lara... without this job... had *almost nothing*. And he wont fire her... because he likes her. And besides... she may not be a dumb blonde... but DAMN she has curves...

I mean lets look at her curriculum: Amateur to potentially semi-pro tennis player, actual irl hunter gather, links to a *ranked* english-snooker (the one with the reds and stuff) player (Komak), wheeled-offroad-cargo-hauler thing... she had to learn how to cook meat and stuff from the forest, play tennis, survive in the wild, drive cars AND trucks... *chuckles* Not bad... for a dumb blonde... I mean... I cant do any of those things personally and I feel like I am an achieved person myself

*sigh...* She had to mature... insanely fast...

Like damn.... talk about starting from the tip of the scratch