I am Noemia de Sousa. I am 25 years old and a college student currently enrolled in a politics course, in an university located in Manchester City, England, UK. I spend most of my time alone... and thats basically it. I enjoy cooking, when I have the energy for it, spending time sporadically with people I find slightly less draining than the average, I study reasonably consistently and I love drawing, writing, listening to MMA podcasts and Making rock music with aformentioned slightly less draining friends. I love make up. I like going to natural product stores and looking up natural recipies for make up... as my skin is fairly sensitive to a really wide selection of conventional cosmetic products. (Ive gotten a crap ton of rashes from using normal makeup... which... due to the ignorance that led me to realise it, contributed to like 95% of all bullying contributions. The other 5% being the fact I am annoying, believe stupid crap, and have stupid, shitty, unproductive thoughts no one wants to listen to.) I usually hang around in the places at college with the best ratio of secluded to closest to the "center of mass of where all my classes are that day". My friends think I am annoying... and... it doesnt really reciprocate as I really need them by my side and I cant really complain so... yeah... anyways... I love looking myself when I wear makeup... because it hides me. Thats about it really. Anyways... My favourite fighter is John Jones... because its cathardic how much of an asshole he can be and still have fans cheer him on every single time he beats one more guy up... who probably was less of a degenerate than him. During intermission from classes, I head to the most secluded parts of the department I currently had classes on... sit next to a wall, hug my knees and cry. And while I am redfaced with my cheeks growing hotter as my eyes strain themselves and scramble to find just one more tear... and my hormones scramble just to find ONE emotion I havent felt yet... one more emotion for me to be aware of. And If someone sees me... redfaced... teary eyed... with bookers on my nose, wheezing... with my eyes red like eggs that were incubated instead of refrigerated... but then died half way to conception, I simply hiss at them and tell them to piss off. If they approach them again, I stay completly silent and keep crying like before until, either the heat death of the universe, or they go away. Everything looks the same to me... Do you know how I feel? I feel like I am a minecraft... thing. This minecraft thing has 2 components. Lets talk about the first component: The first component is a nametag. The nametag says: "INFJ" Thats it. The other component... is a human someone attached to it last minute. My god... whats the difference... between a lung and a bone.... an INFJ and its human appendix... a human and the ground... the ground and the trees... the trees and the sky... and the sky and the universe? I think there is none... none at all. Everything is a nuance. Everything is a shade of grey of eachother... everything... since I was about like... what? Eight? has grown greyer... and greyer... and greyer... First... gradually... the hues all disappeared in like... 2 years from all the rash related bullying because no doctors happened to understand why I kept getting rashes... Then it all became grey. Then... the grey tones began melding with eachother... becoming another shade of grey... that grey shade of grey melding with another... until I was about 19. Now.... everything is god damn grey. Everything is grey. There isnt even black and white. Im a number with a body. A id number with volume and mass. I dont know anymore... Im blind... Im lost... and I need help... somewhere... anyone... can... anyone... hear me? Please... please...