Leyla's theories and genius ideas go here:

So... why do I think Electric cars are actually not that bad? well... *giggles, smirking... brushes back hair. grabs phone and starts playing the theme from L from deathnote. Puts on toy glasses* because, although Electric cars are also polluting tin cans, They... are much, much, much, much, much, much easier to maintain! Like the level of stress of my family after owning one of those things is generally lower! (by the way... a statement 'generally' true means that there is some level of abstraction of the system we are observing where a statement is always true in one of its subsets). All they have nowdays is... long charging times and suboptimal autonomy... and charger quotas are only getting higher! No spark plugs, transmissions are optional and only required in very high performing situations, no ECU, no turbos, no valves, no head gaskets... just an engine, maybe some torque convs, some axles, diff and tires! Which means... * Pauses explanation as she glances at some attractive guys passing by... lowers fake glasses with rather wide eyes... whistles... resumes* .... that, at least when every car owner owns an electric car, the world wide level of stress will decrease, which means there will be an increase in combined brain space, which means more ideas about solving pollution, less excessive criticism, more motivation, less pollution!  *crosses arms at chest, bobs head to a side to which she also throws a hip, putting on a cocky smirk* Hmmmm? Pretty cool, huummm? like... I am a genius!


Leylas take on soccer
Ok: Here is my opinion on soccer: I think looking at a game of soccer is soooo exausting! Its just not exciting! I mean... sports betting is pretty damn fun ngl but... the way they run around... non stop... the skyhigh fitness requirements... the mental strain, emotional... the workload... the fact that having a bad performace even as a well established star will get the whole world to tell you: "He cannot play. He can only run", The stress... the insecurity, the ruthless academy systems, ohhhh dont get me started on watching counter attacking teams play... ohhh and when teams in the 3rd division, specially at youth levels do full court presses... the counters..
 the running... the strain... the almost non existent work days... the fact you dont actually earn any money prior to the 1st or 2nd tiers of national soccer... the ladies... no one gives a damn about the ladies... *yawns... sighs...* Its all such a hassle... why would anyone ever play soccer anyway?


Sup bitches! Its... Leyla the queen, here... and... relationships... *tsk* *faint, pained hiss* Lets just say Im not good at... attaching in experience... I am rather... whats the best word.... ah! A cold, shinny oriented wh*** that cant bring herself to care about someone else to save her pathetic life
Yeah... I have... choice... but I dont have... tastes that stick for long...
Yes. I meet men at parties... we dance... we have a deep talk and then I get kinda... bored...
Yeah I definitely need stimulation... but... men need more than that, right? Like... relatioships are not just entertainment....right?
My longest 'relationship' (and the one I feel got the closest from actually being a relationship) lasted 1 month. 1 month. it was with my childhood and.best friend Caleb. We ended up deciding we enjoy our respective companies immensely... but... as friends only.
Like... We started stripping and kissing... and then we went kinda: "Ew... youre my friend! This is weird"

Oh! Celicas? Alright: My opinion on the Toyota Celica is the following: They are the most textbook, cartoonish, drawable from imagination alone, prototypical 'Sports cars' That any brand has ever crafted. If I gave a child that is rather gifted at drawing realistically a pen and told them: 'Draw a sports car', It would basically be a Celica with unnimportant design deviances. Its the kind of car that spotted by my grandma when we are out on the road looking for a restaurant to eat at, no matter the color or angle, she says: 'Look, sweetie! A Ferrari!'
Oh! That and the MR2.

*Leyla is playing with an AI that draws her*
Wow... the acne on the previous one... these models really are improving huh? Its not easy for an AI to draw acne... not at all...
Because... I dont know But I bet my ass that in like the 90s, getting a computer to reliably draw a bathroom stick male from the word "man" was already groundbreaking...


*this was a moment from one of my streams of my 2021 Hack4DaWin covid charity CSGO HvH tournament, as I was commenting on the brackets, during a power outtage. It was in a windy, autumn day*
Ok guys! Who wants more dumb reddit loser takes? Ive saved some from a 20 minute reddit browsing session I had yesteday! Lets read them! *chat: "yes!" "yes!" "LEYLLAAA QUEEEEN!!!" "show f33t!" "no!" "no!" "Pinebot: Pine applez 4 s4l3 in chat!" "yes!" "yes!" "yes!"* *sighs...* *looks at camera adjusting it... smirks... looks at screen, putting prescription glasses on* It seems we are gonna read some dumb takes! ok... here is this one. I think it was some loser like... criticising people who trade stocks in a comment inside an etoro subreddit, like, calling them dumb... read this, just read: "Omg I dont get people who trade stocks... its so unsafe like people should get real jobs instead of gambling and pretending its an investment lmao" *Looks at camera... raising eyebrows without eyelids... reaching for the camera to zoom in in my face* Bro... u fr? U fr my guy? That has *Zooms out camera back to normal* to be some of the most ignorant insights in the history of earth. Like hes trying so hard to have a different opinion! Because bro is comparing Stock trading to the shit you do at a casino or to a mafia ritual with a revolver! No! ok? Stock trading is not based on mindless hope! It requires guts, yes. Good intuition and logical foresight, yes. But its not. Gambling. The shit you do at a casino is gambling. Sports betting... ok sports betting is like... different from gambling but its worse than sto- Ok listen.... listen guys: There is 3 levels: Gambling is straight up just bad, no questions asked. Sports betting does not have to involve money... and its not based on mindless hope like revolver roulette from those italian mafia movies. It forces you to be good at logical foresight, even more than stock trading... thats why you see rich stock traders because of it and not rich sports betters because of it with rare exceptions; requires you to understand the sports and the teams you bid on to the core and guts. Also alot of free time. And stock trading... well... unless you are completly economically illiterate, I would not call it gambling. Giving a knife to a small child is a bad idea because their stupid and will try to eat it. Same thing with stock trading. Maybe people who say that are just projecting their own financial insecurity to others hoping they dont hurt themselves, which is a commendable protective instinct. But... its dumb! Stock trading requires you to undetstand companies well, how the money is flowing in and out of them... and MY GOD! JUST IMAGINING HIM SAY IT WITH HIS STUPID SMUG FACE!!!! GRRRR! *deep breaths* No! Stock trading is not gambling. Casino betting is stupid, Sports betting is reckless and Stock trading is risky. But. Its. Not. Gambling. So shut your yappers. *stream continues*

*Leyla's relationship dynamic* 

Ok: What if I engaged in relationships the way I trully want, you ask? Well... I would be... a useless brat. Yes. We would kiss, and cuddle... and do foreplay... with me... subtly luring my partner into dragging me, soon-not-to-be metaphorically... into the bed... where I will just... "die". I will become a totally useless vegetable that just whines... drools... crawls around... whines at minor disconfort... does not think... falls from the bed and needs to be constantly picked up and placed... that poops her pants... just a total loser. I will wet my pants on purpose, masturbate when he is not looking... whine when he touches me... and not... fight back in the slightest. I will just be a hunk of meat... that does not think or acknowledge. I will just moan and laugh and cough. I shall be completly braindead during intercourse... If he puts me on all 4's, I will just hit my head on the floor and go like "OOOwwwww.....", as I stand with my ass tooted up like a BITCH! I will call it: "Useless brat handling dynamic". He will go like: "Strip. Now!" And I will probably be in bed... what I will do is... wait like 30 seconds... start whinning, moaning and burping... and then slowly roll of the bed... hit my face... and just stay there... unmoving. Like... Im not joking! Just thinking about it makes my brain go all fuzzy... as if... my consciousness wants me to avoid it... but... instead of pushing me away... it stuns me with pleasure.... omg every time! Everytime I imagine myself with my cute, grey, workout leggins... drooling in my partners bed... the smell of feces and urine... my flushed face... my souless stare... souless like Made In Abyss victims... like a hunk of meat... that just drains vitality... but... looks so incredibly cute he almost feels stronger while lifting me... just feeling my pure, absolute retardation turning him on... his crotch rubbing against my musty ass leggins... soo hot...



I do value trans  rights. Imagine youre a trans girl turned man. You transitioned in your last high school year. you head to college. You get friends n stuff. They dont talk down or anything and are pretty respectful. not what you expected, actually. You then go through college with pretty much the same struggles as everybody else in the course you chose - lets say electronic engineer-. you always tweaked and tinkered with devices and had an aptitude for groundbreaking inventiveness. so you decide that you want to become some sort of inventor. You dont know the details, though as you are still pretty young. Anyways thats your backstory. now back to the plot. You struggle because the course is challenging, theres no time, the people of your prefered gender look distractingly attractive, you feel insecure and lonely... the usual "in your 20s" main dish. So you get out of the adaptation phase and actually start thriving. nice. you get reasonable grades and join a few clubs. Lets say you join the robotics club. you find your tribe there. you invent, laugh and cry together. keep lots of contacts. then... you finish your degree. You go try and find a job. But... something weird starts happening: companies consistently pick people around you who are ... effectively innadequate in comparison to you. "Maybe its their resume... need to improve my resume" "maybe I need to be more outgoing" "exude more aura" but in  future interview, the employer accidentally gets a little too honest and spills the beans:  "You know... theres alot of controversy around you people... people like you, you know?... the drama... the politics... It would not be a good look for our company... Sorry..." So... here you are. Wasting away your days trying... minding your business... making friends... heading to interviews in butt fuck nowhere through rain, traffic jams and insecurity over your skills... just minding your business and dreaming at the same time... only to be told your unfitness comes from something you cannot change anymore. 


THAT is why I respect the trans people alot. not because they are clingy degens like you.




Many of my viewers keep asking:"Leyla! You talk alot about cars... and how they are fun.... and yatta, yatta ,yatta do you drive, girl?" "do you tune cars? Or just drive? Or netither?" I will answer that, right now: I do own a car, and I got my license at 19. I got it from a driving school in Braga, in the north of Portugal and... my god my driving instructor was such a character.... but thats a story for another day. Anyways... I own a classic car. A small, old french blob that I take for regular spins  in the weekend, to the mountainous roads near where I live, because at those times the roads are empty. Its a '63 Alpine A110. Still In its original blue color... and I just love the thing! Its fun, small... (its got the 956cc engine in it... makes around 60 horses... or 40 kW if you actually use your brain... *ahem* just joking... anyways). I got it from an auction. The first bid was half a million and was like: "hell yes! come to mama!". The original owner spoke to me like he was handing me over his son or something... and after driving it... I definitely know why. It weighs like 850 kg tops and, even with no power steering or assists, handles like a charm. It was given to me full with manual and a talk over a drink in a café nearby... chill dude. It runs as smoothy as it can get for the age and... I only had to get a few old sparkplugs replaced at MY 50k miles... wasnt too bad. It also kinda.... drinks oil and the garage reeks everytime I start it but I guess its kinda normal. I call it the "Bumble Blue Blob". Ive had it for 2 years.  Coolest car EVER! Ye... thats what I wanted to tell you.... I do drive and I do love it! Seeya guys. Until next time.









