Name: Diethyl-Nonsense (DEN)
Formula: A gaseous infusion of substances: A mix of nitrogen, which is neutral, a payload, some weed leaves I grew specifically for this occasion and then the the deliverer: Dyethil-ether!
Dose: *Just* enough to make you drowsy... a device I crafted specifically for this one will get angry at you if you abuse it!
Vibe: *I start making a new drug! Dyethil-Nonsense! I call it... "Uncle DEN!". An ether gas that you inhale from a bottle! The smell bittersweet like the end of a formal education year! The dose is measured by a meter a bottle I devised! you program it and give it to the person consuming it! if the dose is exceeded, it stops making gas and beeps loudly like those air compressor beepers in air filling pumps at tha gas station!
The vibe... the vibe is one... of nostalgia. Videogames late in the evening with siblings, friends, parents... you name it. You are gaming along... trying the new weapons you unlocked in your last grinding session... the last car you unlocked from your last endurance race... the last loot you found in a really hard dungeon. And youre just vibing not knowing what to do with the potential and just rolling... Reminding myself that none of it was easy! But these items? No one will seize em! Their mine... and my mom has to see them! my 5th grade childhood friend has to see them! The pixels... the colors... the original game-style font... linger in your head. Rock riffs mixed with 8 bit sounds... a maid in a lab concoting the gas... eager to try it herself... with the vibes of nostalgic, carefree nonsense in her heart, gut, neurons, skin and even eyes... as every iteration either, causes unexpected psychosis, drives me into hysteria or does nothing. I take a 20 minute break between each failed attempt... checking my vital signs... then going back to my analytical chemistry grocery number crunching. Precisely calculating whats needed and whats not... making sure the product stays stoichiometric, pure and cheap. So back to the vibe: I see purple, green... oozing green with a mist of purple... thats the color of the gas. Nintendocore in a bottle... super mario bros in a huff of indigo cloud... the 8bit sounds echoing as you inhale it the slow, and mild, albeit pleasently rough riffs... with old midi samples... makes the ultimate, 21st century instrumental of "saudade"... and then...  everything goes either yellow or grey... but colorful at the same time. Nonsense is when you try to make sense, as the past and present meld together... making you feel united inside and connected outside. The walls are your friend. You climb on them. But... theres still this loneliness lingering... which makes you wonder: "Is life... really still this sweet?"
Side effects: Mild psychosis (1/6), Schozoid-like negative symptoms like anhedonia and alexathymia. Also severely reduced drive and motivation (Hypothetical) For a period of up to 2 weeks