Adriano is a 18 year old highschool student currently enrolled in Yuuei HighSchool in MHA. He currently studies in the support class and is one of the highest scoring students. (School grades are a big part of his identity... molded by his isolating tendencies and safety seeking behaviour, as he believes that, for not possessing any grand or remarkable quirks, that he is just osmotically destined to become a "support class engineer" (he has no clue what that will lead him too and lives quite passivly... doing *just enough* in school to maintain his place inside the top 5 highest scoring students in class, no matter how little or hard the remaining bottom 4 of the top 5 try. I said 4 bottom (including him) because top 1 is always, well, Hatsume, that he deeply envies as understanding things seems "effortless" for her (and he finds this very invalidating and ego bruising for reasons to be discussed in the upcoming plot. A hint: Being perceptive and good at in-real-time, abstract problem solving is sorta... what defines him, as he obcessively fixates over other students' quirks and compares himself to them, which, ironically never stops him from sweating it out all afternoon long in long and winded studying sessions at his grandma's home.) He is a fresh arrival to japan and, never having travelled before, and having been born with a quirk that makes him exceptionally sensitive to social queues/human behaviour/vibes and changes in the logical structure around him, causing him to be frequently diagnosed with an IQ that hovers around 140-150, although he is always pretty nervous during the test and barely gets any of the first few questions right every single time. Also... he is pretty volatile about having stuff pointed out to him, as being an observational and sharp person is almost his neurological calling. he is that. he *is* that. "As long as it is way better than average... its good enough.". Because he was born with ADHD and Aspergers, he is incredibly sensitive to stimuli, prefering to force himself to focus on what matters: the path from home to school and back, always buying the same meals every time and always asking for the meat dish and the banana dessert at lunch. He doesnt approach anybody, as the bullying suffered in his childhood left him deeply untrusting of almost all kinds of people, while having a soft spot for perceived "Insecure Loners" like he thinks he is. People always look at him in wonder, as they never really know what he is like aside from his constant bombardment of questions during class, his highly individualistic approach to studying (he loathes having people study by his side, as he is scared of his urge to compare himself to other people), he has niche interests, like automotive mechanics and, contrastingly, Indie music and, very specifically, CS 1.6 super hero mod scripts he makes for the game. he usually doesnt really contribute to the logistics of class in his interactions with the group chat of whatsapp... or anything conventionally "Useful" or "practical", prefering to share random insights he thought out during the shower or in his almost religiously predictible commuting walks from home to school and back. People in his class, frequently, when he isnt around, as he is very sensitive to social pressure related statements, seriously wonder: "Okay so he is smart. Why does he think he needs to be an engineer? Why not a poet or something?". He thinks that because "Dont artists all starve anyway?". The 1-A class subtly use his quirk in ways he, Ironically doesnt notice. He gets invited to watch replays of fights with villains and, as they wait him to get in the zone, as he loves watching fights of any kind "mma, animals, etc.", they begin taking notes of the, often very insightful, tactical commentary he makes while muttering to himself at the footage. "Shigarraki is counterable with simple retorts. Tease him and he loses what makes him brilliant". "Toga is way too unpredictible to plan for. But a non-hesitant and straightforward, relentless person can keep her in check". After the video... drooling from focus, he suddently realizes there were people around him the whole time and yelps, startled, and wonders why the hell he even was there in the first place. Strange... endearing. As he believes his brain is his only salvation, he thoroughly and frequently asks questions *specifically* to Hatsume, the person he envies the most and feels the biggest urge to compare himself to, to train himself to swallow his pride... struggling as much as he can to repress how innadequate he feels while next to her... immediatly "dry swallowing" her feedback like he "should have just understood it way long ago anyway" and incorporating it into his reasoning like an AI. "A human is but a thinking reed. Become unaware and a truck runs you over on the crosswalk. Make a mistake and you lose the passport for a stable life. Take the wrong turn in an alley... and you get shot. Realize. Expect. Understand. Think. Never rest."
He is socially intelligent (Thinks he is not because... "I have too much acne anyway... it doesnt make sense")
He is perceptive ("Isnt that like... obvious to you? Thanks for the compliment though..." Thinks people are just nice for no reason)
He is creative (But says "I wish I was more though...")
Because... "Why is being a mediocre genius so praisable... in a world where mount lady, Deku and a dead beat dad with flames for hands? I dont understand...."
He actively rejects feeling any sort of pride or even any kind of mild gratitude over any contribution he makes, as he feels like being proud will ultimately "Make you arrogant. Then... people realize it and start mocking you. Then you feel bad. Then you give up. Then you stop studying. Then you become unemployed. Then you become a beggar. Then you die on the side of the road like a hung hunk of pork meat, snuggled and consumed by sewer rats", to which his highly accute (But severely underutilised in an intentional manner) social intelligence is a high contributor, compounded by his niche interests, safety-first approach to life and feedback of lack of risktaking and self assuredness fostering

(Description of himself made by him... using the latest stuff he learned from school of course)

1.7m|60kg|Portugal|big/blue eyes|curly/worn hair|pale|Some acne|Likes plain clothing|Avg. build Xept tiny belly|soul-stream router|Strives 2 selfXpress clearly&genuenly/2 understand&reach every1/purify essence|Talks w/ DIY software/Writing/Dancing|Looks 2 defy Xpect8ions|Maidcore fan|Poetic yet vivid speech|Social&Logistics klutz|Empathy tryhard|Smol social buffer|(discharge,charge)time=(9,15)min|revels in topic hops|Luvs 2 wrestle/2-way psycho-analyzing/sultry mindplay/relentless temper pushing|Inventions/games/vibes|Valuz logic mixed w/ appreci8ion|In2 sports/psych/math|Dreamy/shelly Ashito Aoi|Human camera|Looks 3yr U-aged|Tomboy voice|ADD&Aspies|airhead|Cre8ive&thoughtful improviser|impulsive/self (burnout∨confusion)&meltdown prone|Loathes 2 stagn8/fix8|Nerdy bitch princess|"New. Fun. Cool. New."|Homo Bewilderus|In2 gal ⇒ gal ∩ {raw;practical;stable;gentle;mature;responsible}≠∅|Conflict averse|Quite tiresome/sensitive/Unreliable|Fast twitch amygdala|Hides turmoil under playful mask

Ultra compressed (UTF8 ver.) (728c)
Adriano|22M|1.7m|60kg|Portugal|Blue eyes|curly, worn hair|pale|Sum acne|No accs|Avg. build Xept tiny belly|soul-stream router|Strives 2 self Xpress/connect/reach every1|communic8s w/ DIY Crafts|Poetic yet vivid speech|Social&Logistics klutz|Smol social buffer|(discharge,charge)time=(9,15)min|revels in topic hops|Gets off grappling/analyzing/witplay/temper pushing|Inventions/games/vibes|Values empathy&nuanced yapping|In2 sports/psych/math|Dreamy/shelly/nerdy Ashito Aoi|Human camera|Looks 3yr U-aged|Tomboy voice|ADD&Aspies|airhead|Adaptible&thoughtful|impulsive/meltdown/self-burnout prone|Homo Bewilderus|In2 gal ⇒ gal ∩ {raw,practical,stable}|Conflict averse|Rather tiresome|Unreliable|Closet drama queen|h8s tepid people.

Posts memes in "mentally ill people subreddits" (like "r/sillygirlclub" "r/OkayBuddyLiterallyMe") such as:
Title: "My lazy ahh"
Payload: "An animation video of a cartoonish, cute looking, cgi girl climbing onto a treadmill, running for 3 seconds, immediatly, comically slow turning away and gasping for air in an endearing fashion. The image is captioned as such: "(top text) gahh damn (bottom text) Blud ran 3 seconds and is tired (Skull emoji)"

(Reddit side caption:) POV: when your ADHD says you gotta be productive but your body says nah".

Deku, on Whatsapp: "Hey... Adriano? Are you okay? I saw the text you accidentally posted on the class 1-A group chat and... uhhh yeah thats it. I think you should seek help."
Me, a hopeless failure: "Ik but we ball lmao xd fr no cap"

Tsuyu: "Adriano. I dont speak to many people in this tone of voice but... but... I think I love you."
Me, a broadheaded, unlovable dumpster truck of a human: "Yo fr?"
Tsuyu: "Okay sorry for trying then..."

His grandma Graça Valente, is an energetic, fun and sharp elderly woman who tutors and educates Adriano Valente. She is short, has loads of wrinkles, loads of guts, and loads of bitterness over losing Adriano's mother and her Husband within just 4 years. She cries when no one watches, spends the whole day performing (Sometimes, even awarely) meaningless chores to keep herself occupied as her quirk, "infinite stamina", *Literally* doesnt let her forget it for a second. She dusts off walls, she heats rice in the microwave for no reason, cooks extra food for the week, once again, for no reason then finally stops to watch tv. For... 4 and a half minutes. Then takes out all the dishes from the dining table, dusts it off, dusts off each object once on the top of the table,  then tells Adriano to go outside "have fun or something" as she really "needs to clean the floor as it is" 'A porra duma pocilga' (it isnt even that bad). Adriano feels guilty about the fact she asks him: "Can I clean your room sweetie?" (The room is small and I barely take stuff off its place, as I mostly just hang out on my computer all day... so no cleaning is even required at for 2 weeks at a time) "S- sure..." *Reluctantly leaves room... as I was focused on a CS 1.6 mod, But she barges in and puts everything on top of the bed, dusts off the huge carpet, completly unaware of how loud that stuff is (the thing is massive! To propely dust it, she almost has to stretch her arms along the smaller side of the rectangular carpet in a wingspan fashion to shake it propelly... stuff sounds like villain attacks... people just dont panick because it has vibrant colors... and people can see it from a distance.). And... after deep cleaning the entire house in *1 day*, she goes back to watching tv... for 30 minutes. then... she leaves the kitchen, where the tv is, and goes annoy her "Brat nerd sonnie" as she likes to call Adriano. "Got a girlfriend yet sonnie?" "Nah granmah" "is your game working propelly?" *approaches me on the keyboard... and, as she is perceptive, she knows which keys are annoying for her to press, but not destructive to my projects, based on whats on screen. She presses the movement keys when I am play testing, she writes random numbers when putting on passwords... stuff like that. When she knows my game isnt auto saving, she sometimes says: "Look adriano! A really big mosquito! go kill it!" "where grandmah?" *Then alt f4's my game* "HAHAAHAHAH! Youre as dorky as your father, sonnie!" *But... at night, when her ADHD insomnia doesnt let her fall asleep, she calls me, tells me to sit by her side and to keep her company. I do as she tells me. She then begins to tell me stories about the family, her daughter (my mom) and the absurd and sometimes... even... dark antics my family went through. Like... my mother dating a drug dealer and ending up in jail in the Madeira island in Portugal.* *We are very attached to eachother, although, due to spending too much time being smothered by her, I somewhat resent her and find her incessant and blunt remarks about me being a "nerd" kinda tiring and even dismissive.*
*Once upon a time... Toga, after the league of villains heard from her after she infiltrated the highschool as a janitor to spy on Adriano reviewing footage from villan X hero fights, that I was a key component for the foreplaning of the World Heroes Association (gave them very good and insightful "pre-theories"), and after they figured out I essentially could not fight for crap, and all I essentially had at home was an hyperactive grandma to protect me, they decided... to kill me.
So... Toga invades my house, camoed as his friend, Fumikage (We played games together sometimes... as I usually called him out playfully after making mistakes during matches, although he never really visited my house, but they did not question it) knocking on the door. As I am doing homework, my grandma is like: "*gasp* SOMETHING TO DOOOOO!!!" She rushes to the door, in her worn out, but relentlessly energetic walking pace and opens it, as Himiko unmasks... because her blood ran out... immediatly uttering: "Hmmmm are you my sonnies girlfriend? *Thinks: "Finally that nerd is getting some bitches... I should have known... even as a granny I should not lose my innocence... I witnessed the miracle of life so many times Its just hypocritical to keep up the stuck up facade, hehe~"* So... are you here to make my sonnie happy?" Then... Himiko suddently walks out the door... in a slow pace. My grandma notices: "Hmmm... she is sneaking... toward my sonnies room... in a crouched pose... she looks like the kind of girl to yell "and we are blasting off again" after failing a mischiveous plan..." her intuition was correct... she has a villanous aura. because... as she realizes "HEy! SUCA DAQUI! SUCA DAQUI DEMONIO! SUCA! SUCA! *Clumsingly, but with unsettling eagerness and ire, approaches Himiko with a loosened plastic slipper in her hand... ready to slap some sense into the fiend that wanted to kill... literally the only family she had left. But did it in such... a Graça-like way. She pulls her by an ear... and begins to drag her out of the house. Himiko is shocked by her strength... so she begins trying to fight back. But grandma, as she senses Himiko's elbow approaching, dodges and pushes into a wall, looking her dead in the eyes and yelling: "SUA VACA! SAI DA MINHA CASA! HÃ? TU SAI DA MINHA CASA OUVISTE MINHA MENINA? VOU MANDAR MATAR A TUA FAMILIA SE NAO SAIS ENTENDESTE?!" Himiko was looking at my grandma absolutely unbothered tho she smirked at my grandma... and told her... dead in the eyes: "be glad your blood smells like s***"... and began and acting like she owned the place. She muttered: "I need a refreshment on this hot summer day... you could have offered me at least a drink..." casually deciding to head to the kitchen... like she she was the mothafuckin vip of this property rn , because there was some mindnumbing gameshow with a huge telephone number on the bottom of the screen that my grandma uses to numb herself from the crippling melancholy of being over 80 in a country where the population is slowly dying more and more each generation playing in the tv, that she heard from the entrance where she was previously "cornered" to a wall by my grandma. Then... the navel princess grabs a coca-cola (Those are for Mrs. Graça), and... Adriano... with his mind exausted from being in the zone for 30 minutes straight decides to go annoy his grandma and sees Himiko... who knows he is there because she can fucking smell blood! So he thought: "she is cocky! She is playing with her food! i dont know what she is doing here though... I... I gotta do something! But... I cant fight! *I think: "Screw pride! Screw "girl stronger than you"! I gotta call someone strong!"* Then... I reach for my phone, quickly tap "Whatsapp and begin a voice call with Izuku, as he was recently on my contact list, because of yet another "are you okay?" Sorta interaction. I was... deeply thankful of it at that moment" On the other side of the House, Graça was just ... speechless... flailing her arms out in a wingspan fashion at the utter audacity of this street hooker threatning to kill her sonnie! Witnessing this absolutely mannerless, farmgirl of a bitch laying on her couch like my Grandma was some kind of waitress so graça began going CRAAAZY on Toga! "OUVE LÀ MINHA MENINA! *tsk...* *Slow head nod...* *tsk tsk tsk* Sim senhor... BONITO! Sim senhor... boa! Tal como os pais ensinaram nao foi minha menina! Era mandar uma desgaça destas para o colegio!" *As I speak with Midorya, he asks: "Who is that screaming? what is that language?" "Oi that? its my grandma! Theres... *I whisper* Toga is here! And there is no way she hasnt detected me yet! She is toying with me and my grandma!" *I decide to peek graciously... although Toga can smell blood inside of people from entire city blocks away anyway so it doesnt even matter* I dont think my Grandma knows who Toga even is yet! she barely watched the japanese news since we moved! but she is somehow entertaining Toga! And I think me showing up will just make everything worse! Im obviouly their target... and even if I had combat skill and could stab her, if she was generous of course... as I dont even have that much power compared to a normal kit let alone a psycho with a knife... so... Come on and hurry! Call All Might! Anyone! please!" *I try to sound as pathetic and desperate as possible... trying to somehow wish that this, not only traumatizing, but also humiliating, encounter stopped at once, starting to unravel* "Bro... shes not a news article or a legend! She is made of real bones and flesh and I saw her knife! I saw it okay? She was smiling and her hair was all messed up! She is here! And she is in my house! please come! is this because I was sexist when I was a sheltered kid? Is this my punishment for not liking when Hatsume has better grades than me? Why? Why do I have to pay like this?! Take away my hardwork but please come faster!" *Utters this "Please" with a hormonal tension driven laughter as delivery* "Ple-he-he-he-ase!"*I then calm down* "I cant fight and my grandmother has guts in place of brains... she is somehow distracting her but if she gets bor-" *But then, GOATzuko was like:* "Understood." *immediatly disconnects* "Then... a few minutes later, Izuku phoned me: "Cover your ears and remember: All Might said he would pay for any damage to your house. We will light this place up. Forget all the backed up programs you made because those may disappear soon" I was like: "hEy WAI-" *Then Izuko blows a crater through, very, very luckly, my living room, where Toga was... luring her out of the living room. My grandmother then freezes... and begins screaming like a little girl and  running all over the place... at the speed of a normal jogger.* *Izuko then screams as he bursts away: "WE WILL PAY FOR EVERYTHING!!!!"* And... just like that, my grandma may have, indirectly, saved Adriano's life. And vice versa!* *Adriano then reaches for the living room to check for her... and as she spots her, rushes to give her a hug, that Grandma immediatly accepts, and utters... giving back to her what she gave to him: The unfiltered truth: "Grandma. I think I may be someone in life now. That girl is a criminal in japan. And she is way more dangerous than the criminals back in portugal! I think... I think, although we will be watched by heroes, we may also be watched by villains now"* *Then... my grandma, her usual facade falling... eyes beginning to grow teary beads, delves into yelling and sobbing, as she digs her face in my shoulders... and I do my best not to do the same..... utters: "OH ADRIANO! OH FILHO! O QUE FOSTE FAZER! NEM SEI SE HEI DE ESTAR ORGULHOSA OU A MORRER DE MEDO! Nem sei se hei de fazer o jantar... ou nem sei... nem sei...* I tell her, reassuringly: "Its fine. That boy is the hero class's strongest student. He will take her out" *I try to enhance what I believe is the truth a bit... so she calms down... having no clue if he can even take her out*