So... Caleb ends up enrolled in Yuuei High School, the same school as Izuko Midorya. he has a past of bullying. The quirk he was born with, Agro, Essentially removes his "emotional limiter", meaning that, for example, he can get indefinitely angry, indefinitely sad and feel indefinite ammounts of regret. His emotions also stack so he can feel various emotions simulatenously. he works hard, is curious, creative and with an eye for a good approach for a problem. But... he has a bit of a reputation for being a bit of a "trouble maker-weirdo hybrid". During his first year of elemetary school he was obcessed with Pro Wrestling, and always tried to get involved in fights with other students just to experiment with Pro Wrestling moves in real life. (Aka he is like a WWE weirdo). Also... he was born with borderline personality disorder, (A diagnosis he obtained because of his quirk), which makes him flare up at nothing and forgive and tolerate very little. During his first year of elementary school, he got involved in loads of fights, mainly from his own doing and agency, and his peers began initially treating him as some sort of boogeyman. So he became... respected... (?) all around the school premises and teachers were wary of having him inserted into their classes. But soon enough, his peers began a sort of "Revolution" against him, starting a conspiracy that would effectively isolate him from any form of meaningful friendships he could have during his formative years. He was(is) easly teasable, a party pooper and displays very odd behaviour outside of his heightened state. He play(s)ed niche videogames, and, after being effectively condemned to indefinite exile, he fell into indefinite loneliness.
He began getting paranoid, "Overhearing" mockery behind his back that wasnt there, began developing a "Persecution", "me vs them" mentality and became spiteful and distrusting of formal and even legal systems... as he headbutted policemen in the street, pissed in trees in parks and almost everything he did was out of spite. That reflected in his school work. Despite being very often caught engaged in high level literary activites at the library, he often scored the bare minimum in classes like english, despite his love for looking up "Super Extreme Animals" on google, he scrapped by his natural science classes and... needed an actual teacher to help him during his math tests. yes. he needed help *during* tests. the latter situation angrying him out even more. And, for some reason, maybe due to the constant teasing or subtly developing masochistic tendencies, whenever he hung out with ANYONE, he ALWAYS hung out with the most untrustworthy/teasing people he could possibly find. And his interactions always looked like his peers telling him seemingly normal things that anyone could see (Your eyes are red) (You are short) (Your shirt is blue) but he was just so enabled and his reactionary attitude was so grooved in, that he ALWAYS flared up. ALWAYS. he could not stop flaring up. And, during quirk activities, he NEVER participated. he either deliberately quit, Did it half way and then went home BY HIMSELF, WITHOUT EVEN WAITING FOR HIS PARENTS, or, he was in class, nothing was happening but he just... decided to leave. Just like that...
Some troubling concrete examples of his interactions in his middle school and late elementary school journeys include:
*Not showing up to class after a dentist appointment in the day*
*Shows up the next day*
The teacher: "Wow... you here again?" *Turns her head to class* "Kids look at this! look at what god brought me here! *Sigh...* They should raise a statue in my honour because of ME!"

Another:
*getting ready for high school admission exams*
One of his actual peers: "Hey you! I hope you fail! Please fail!"

Another:
*Caleb's 12th birthday in middleschool*
A peer goes up to him, spitefully kneels down... and begins mock-begging: "Please change... we cant stand you. Please change now. Please. Do it for us. Do it for humanity"

Appearance:

He is short, standing at about 1.65m tall, weighs 65 kilograms, as his quirk, because of the hormonal supercharging it provides, makes his muscles grow with WAY less conscious effort than average. His built, although strong, is somewhat thin. Displays red, short hair, messy hair, red eyes and a resting serious expression. He has a "Jonhy Test"-esque way of speaking, mirroring what I best describe as "90's 12 year old". His face would be rather large but also a bit angular.

Never had that feeling of people saying stuff *Just* to tease you and, even though you know that its all completly baseless, you *still* get reeled in and start doubting yourself? Caleb is the embodyment of that

But... now his middle school days are over and... luckly, in this new school (Deku's school) Most people in this new school (Except Mineta, of course, whom he would, oddly, likely befriend.) are mature and dont really give a damn about frivolous teasing, which could, ironically, spiral him further into teasing tendencies... projecting his fears into everyone he sees or gets approached by, leading to isolation and underperforming. His best asset is his anger driven strength boosts... but, tragically, in a quirk-beats-quirk world, he will likely not succeed, as his current, specific anger doesnt pack a punch. its cynical, doubtful and wary. Its spiteful and shallow. Resentful and, because his actual environment is different now, Almost completly baseless.

During his first year, before the sports festival, the laser crotch guy (forgot his name) organized a conspiracy... although based in nothing but clever lies, that would make every student refuse to fight him... forcing him to fight actual heroes in the pro teachers. His first opponent is midnight. This is how I think it would go:
Caleb... grouchy look on face... staring at nothing... grumbling... tapping his foot on the floor, crossed arms and tapping finger on the bicep: "..."
Midnight: "Whats wrong, sweetie? Dont wanna fight huh?~" *her sultry teasing is her weapon... but Caleb dont wanna fight no one right now... as he... hates it, having joined this school reluctantly because his parents, perceptively, believed that children who had chosen willingly to fight, would be too mature and adversity molded to try and tease him... which was true... but its... *sigh..* not really working, unfortunately*
Caleb: "look. Miss... I barely have any fighting skill. I skipped all the drills, I skippd all the classes... and Now I need to fight an actual Pro Hero? Huh? How is that fair?! Im walking OUT OF HERE!" *Looks at audience... and with his deepest anger and loudest shout hes ever uttered, he yells with deafening intensity* "IIIII HAAAAATTTTE ALLLL OFF YOUUUUUUUUU!!!!!" *Stomps the ground, cracking the arena a bit... his actual skin steaming, as his internal body temperature is at about 56ºC. Begins walking out the the arena... so he loses on purpose... skipping over the ledge... leaving the arena*
Midnight... speechless: "What... how could the system have failed him... this badly... *Sigh...*"


Like... Caleb, I think, would have the simplest training. So... he gets very emotional and very strong right? (or philosophically inclined when sad, etc.) So... what could happen is... all he needs to do... is literally be himself... but more! He would have to enhance his muscles to enhance his body's tolerace for prolongued supercharged states, which would allow him to get more emotional which would allow him to train more... Or maybe... Hatsume and the support cast could devise a solution which would allow him to inject new hormones into himself at will?

Okay... he would need armor: Something simple, as, contrary to popular belief, the main purpose of muscles isnt to increase durability, it is to increase strength. The reason muscles increase durability, I think is because... theres just... *more tissue to soften blows*. I think yeah. he would do loads of HIIT, he would run for extended periods of time (longer periods than Lida... although not as fast. But still farther I think... if they were to start on equal footing that is), He would become a sort of generalist in the group. He could do rescue missions, serve as a self motivated buffer that, if not take out, ALMOST ALWAYS take a villain to their limits, villains, that will very often rely on persuasion, would not faze Caleb's straight forward nature. he would have to eat *plenty*, as his quirk will naturally drain him alot. (His family, as soon as they had him and began looking at the supermarket bill went like: "thats it... this has to be our only son... feeding him is just that expensive!". On a more lighthearted stage of his arc, he would get into alot of comical "Goku eats alot"-esque moments, where him and characters like Denki would try to "out eat" eachother. Also... I think the frog girl would like him. And... his favourite food would be, *always*, spaguetti with pork. Spaguetti with pork, spaguetti with pork, spaguetti with pork. because its highly caloric, nutritious and it can take virtually any salad and still taste good. Ok anyways back to the *armor* though: maybe carry some syringes with different hormones in the belt of it, some kevlar fabric to cover his body, internal padding for heat and further impact reduction. As he would be... incredibly strong. (he already is without training. Imagine *with* training), he could carry AR500 grade plates on places like the shoulders and shins  AND chest... as these areas are mostly static and dont rotate much. Then... tough, solid steel caps around the elbows, knees and even finger knuckles, the areas that must be flexible would be crafted out of carefully lathed carbon fiber. His thin, short frame with defined muscles with short red hair and eyes would make him *very* fan service friendly. He would also wear teeth braces... not combat specific but I think his constant teeth gritting during is earlier years could have caused dental complications. Also... his strong body odor from constant sweating would be mildly alienating... but not isolating. Also... he would have sorta bad breath... (I dunno... I always get bad breath after running...)


(I somewhat feel like his braces would be one of his more attractive features for some reason. never mind the red eyes or the body... just the braces... and hair... and the defined facial features... that would give a good combination. Also his kevlar and carbon fiber armor)

His MBTI is ESTP.

His shortness undermines his power? I mean... what can blud do? he was born short *Shrugs shoulders* Its not that it makes him weaker... take deku for example: Deku's peak power is nothing like caleb will ever achieve and they are similar in height! Let bro stay short! #U1.6mJustice

Caleb|17M|1.6m|Short height|Thin but defined body|Short/messy/red hair|Red eyes|Y-te skin|Juvenile voice delivery|Intense Xpression|ADHD&BPD|somewhat defined face|highly untrusting/volatile side due 2 early bullying|Niche tastes: InD literature/Browsing Xtreme animal wikipedia pages/rope skipping|Quirk: Agro:Uncapped emotional energy; acceler8s hormone production/metabolism/muscle growth/Sweat prod./appetyt|carries steel knee/Lbow caps;flXible kevlar/carbon fiber fabric;AR500 chest/shin/shoulder pl8s Rmor|Wears braces|ESTP MBTI|Carries hormone enhancing syringes(grounding SSRIs/pwr C9H13NO3/etc.)|General dmg dealer/ravager|Wields lever action Riveter gun(10cm/explosive/cast iron bolts shot@83mps;Can do explosive jumps)


Caleb's weapon:

(In situations where Caleb is allowed to use a lethal weapon... he will use this:)

Name: Riveter (From DUSK)
Type: Projectile launcher
Projectile: Rivets.
Operation: lever action, gunpowder propelled
drum-magazine capacity: 19
Recoil: Pump-Action shotgun equivalent
Weight 22 kg (no ammo)
Materials: Cast iron for the chassis, barrel, firing mechanisms like the bolt carrier, follower and whole ejector.
Aluminum for the magazine spring, action, and stock
VERY loud.


Projectile:
Name: Rivet.
Desc: 10cm long, 3cm thick, cross-edged spikes with a rounded off back. they contain a primer on the tip and an explosive charge inside the large, dome in the back. The dome blowing up immediatly sends 4 blades straight into the target while also causing structural damage due to the explosion.
Weight: 1/4 of a kg
Materials: Cast iron for the shell, blades and primer plus firearm gunpowder for the explosive charge.

*specs:*

Caleb can carry as much as 4 mags for this while running at up to 60 kph if motivated, while also jumping at a relatively "normal" height.

He can shoot it up to 1.5 rounds a second with some comfort

The projectiles have an exit speed of 300 kph

Im thinking about just the looks... Also... I think Ill just look at a picture of the Riveter from the indie game DUSK and just use that to build a concept of the weapon chassis...  it was my inspiration anyway... but not many people know the game so I gotta do it

Ok Im going with this: Watcha think? "The weapon is very clear and direct in its design: It is a large tube, rifled and bored out of necessity of guiding and housing the big chamber that will house the current rivet to be fired. The follower looks like a large fragment of metalic shrapnel... protruding from the bolt. It is all wrapped to a HUGE, marine grade rivet, using 3 thick cast iron rings, that goes across the whole length of the barrel and also includes an adjustible, yet bulky, stock, that was attached to the underside of the rivet, the latter essentially being used as a simple chassis, in conjunction to the iron rings that strap it tight to the barrel. the projectiles are heavy, so the lever used to complete the fire cycle requires some habit to, not only push and pull with swiftness, but also physical power. The barrel, chamber and grosser internal components like the bolt, follower and the rings are cast iron, also including the stock and the "chassis". the metal looks worn scratched and slightly dented towards the end of the barrel. It features no muzzles or mufflers and  the exaust gasses escape from the rear... being fed into a miniature jet nozzle to alleviate recoil. Delicate components  like the "coin" between the charge and the firing pin and the firing pin itself are made of steel, as well as all springs. The mags have a capacity for 19 rounds... are drum shaped and they are fed using springs inside the latter, also made of steel.  The shells of said drums are worn, rough cast iron. they protrude to the left and downwards of the POV of the shooter... while the follower protrusion is on the right. there is a groove at the tip of the barrel that was filed in as an afterthought... used for aiming. The weapon isnt compatible with iron or optical sights." Ok This is what I came up with. 

The recoil, due to the simplified recoil reduction mechanism, feels akin to a double barreled 12 gauged, normal sized stock, double shot.

The lever feels hard to pull and push akin to opening one of those pickle jars... but that were never put in the freezer... A bit of force... but it also makes it rather clunky.

The sound? it sounds akin to a 14mm anti-tank rifle (Gun power explosion sounds barely change... yet it sounds rather low pitched and clankey due to the unoptimized fitments and the thick metal the mechanisms are made of) during the actual shot, which is followed immediatly by exaust gasses shooting out the back with the volume akin to one of those air pumps at the gas station when you take them out of the tire filling needle

The weapon has to be either hip or shoulder fired... but now mounted, as hisses of really hot exaust gas  come out the back of the miniaturized jet nozzle during the shot cycle

Also... the weapon gets scolding hot like the hood of a car left parked in the sun during the whole morning in the peak of spanish june, because... well... it is *all* made of metal. It has to be shot with moderation.

The barrel itself looks like, aside from the mechanisms attached to it, merely a big, bulky Cylindrical metalic tube somewhat worn on the exterior (Both the chassis bolt and the barrel are 8cm in diameter... with the barrel being 6cm in *internal* diameter, the volume in between is solid cast iron)
Towards the tip of the barrel, there is some deformation.

Also... each projectile is hand made and each drum magazine is also hand made and previously and manually loaded, round by round.