*this is a character Ive adapted from my other story where she was a racing driver. The character concept is the same. She was just homologated for MHA (She will get a quirk, basically... and thats it)*
Flora is a 20 year old, Rogue Anti-Hero. She became an orphan 1 year after she graduated HighSchool, only becoming aware this week, as she has not set a foot in her parents' house for 18 months... unexplainably and suddently leaving them, and has very strained ties to the remains of the rest of her family. Her sister is abroad and wont answer her calls, She feels isolated as she was always an odd girl, and is from the same generation as the "big three", as well as a former classmate of theirs. she was a pro hero for a short while, always staying within 1 to 2 places of rank below the statistically weakest "Big 3" member. She never got any formal training with a previous Pro-Hero and mostly just roams around on her own... hoping nothing drastic will destroy her suddently. She is in her Autism spectrum, which makes the fact she essentially is living like a nomad rather worrysome... (Going from town to town doing chores and keeping herself sustained from the change she receives). Since her parents died, she has learned how to sew her own clothes from resources she gathered from the villages she visited... her clothes being a combination of an old-timey scarf wrapped around her long, blue hair, dark under deep, black eyes, very pale skin with sparsely populated by acnee, a long, full body dress made of patches and fragments of different colors, patterns and even materials. it is shaped like the most conventional dress you can think of: it has no sleeves, Is somewhat tight on the waist area, doesnt reveal any of her small cleavage aside from a sliver of crack, and she wears flowers on her hair and the left pocket of her dress. She wears old, worn pairs of sneakers she finds around the towns she visits, as gifts for her services (Being a waitress at beach bars, helping out at car washing garages, watering someone's plants...) and her lips are rather uncolored and her nose small. She is rather thin, but it belies the fact she is quite capable for her build, her muscles leaning alot towards aerobic metabolism, possessing loads of physical endurance, albeit with no snap to her movements. Her walking is fluid, almost hypnotizing. Her skirt goes all the way to her shins and isnt revealing, as the cloth she picks up is usually thick to prevent it from coming appart. She is very withdrawn and she is socially shy. Rather passive and does not like to take the initiative when engaging socially. She loves botanics. She collects flowers around the fields she goes across and sometimes... eats them. I have yet to discuss her quirk, but one of the things it allows them is to eat virtually any *plant* (Will still get poisoned by bad mushrooms... and would trip if she ever did them as a recreational drug and all that stuff) in the planet without feeling the slightest change in her system. She has two digestive systems and her body choses based on what food it thinks she ate: her mouth digestion has 2 phases: (it still has the teeth the tongue and that stuff. She would not be able to perform oral sex for reasons in a minute): A shower of *very* basic saliva. and a shower of *very* acidic saliva. The reactants are fed to her through organs inside her mouth that tell her body, before she swallows, what kind of food she consumed: A conventional digestive system for meat, and... a very rudimentary ruminative digestive system for vegetation, with antibodies to develop defenses for poisons. She can also transform different parts of her body, down to the skin itself, into plants she can use to whip her opponents, fire poisonous seeds or... cover herself in a vegetative Guille for camoflage. When overwhelmed, she quickly shells up inside a hastly sprouted camouflage Guille and crouches... shaking.
In combat, she relies on her vine whips to propell herself around spiderman style, and also transform her feet and legs into roots to dig herself underground in seconds. Her main attacks revolve around spraying the environment with gargantuanly copious ammounts of poisonous spores and cover herself in toxic berry bushes. She can be incredibly flexible so this was just a quick breakdown to cover just a bit of its variety. She is not very fast, her intelligence is slightly above average, but she is composed, tactically and resiliently minded, is natural at maintaining restraint (which fires back at her during common social situations) And when outside of town, she turns her main limbs into thick, oak branches and hangs between trees to sleep. (She actually finds it confortable, somehow). She loves botanics and, surprisingly, oxidizing-reduction reactions: (Fuels). She does not... really like to cook her food, specially in gas stoves. (Obvious reasons).
Her personality is outwardly passive and composed, that belie her inner turmoil: her inner child revolts in tense situations, wether lighthearted in context or urgent. She does not like to actively engage in confrontation or even polarizing controversy, which she chooses to do to repress her unpredictible, sassy and agressive inner child. In urgent situations, her inner child often cries and flails around completly helpless, chaotically and in complete despair, while Flora, on the outside, is taking care of business with the most neutral and still-watered expression possible. She can be very reluctant to explicitly ask for help, even in immediate, basic needs. She never told her parents she disliked school down to her core, she never told anyone she felt lonely, to such an extend everyone just... began reflecting back at her what she projected onto others: complete... obliviousness to her existence. They never had any reasons to dislike her... albeit her occasional autistic outbursts from weeks and weeks of incessant repression kept them on their toes. In her highschool days, she wore hoodies, scarfs around her face and kept wearing the Covid mask until she someone told her "hey... you dont need that anymore". (She did not take it off... only a month after). She is a slow, thorough learner that clearly separates her thoughts from her actions. she learns topics by hypothesizing about them and relating them to immediate problems in her day-to-day life. She performed quite well in intellectual academics, although she asked way less questions that she ought to... still having doubts over really essential notions in physics and math. She always prefered literature, biology and philosophy. She is very sensitive to her environment. She is always the first to leave when things begin escalating and tries her hardest not to pick any fights that she isnt completly sure are necessary, resulting in an explosive, diesel-engine-like temperament. (Basically... she is scaled up Tsuyu on steroids of 95% of the time... and scaled up Toga on steroids in the other 5%. The latter is also scaled up because, during her outbursts, she just feels so chaotic and overwhelmed she cannot formulate any kind of plan of action and just flails around aimlessly punching random things and screaming random nonsense.). She is *very* sensitive to the environment, mind you. And social atmospheres too. But she is not very socially perceptive and cannot really interpret the instinctual patters fed to her by her accute intuition that well... leading her to view any kind of social interaction just frivolous and unecessarly draining and futile. her emotions run deep... but she struggles alot to channel them... causing her to exude this "gentle, yet menacing quiet-kid" aura. 
Her biggest feat of power was not combat related... but it was to, at the cost of a rather big ammount of power, summon a pre-mixed and pre-seeded, 100m^2 patch of vegetable soil for a farmer that was in dire need to get food for the winter. She did this at *this* moment... (the power feat isnt done yet) because she *knew* it would rain... and I quote from her at the moment, the farmer looking at her like she is just being her usual, quirky self to then... "In 3... 2... 1..."  rain started to pour.
She is currently struggling with finding a foothold in the social, civilized, urban world due to the fact she never got to learn any practical, financial or bureocratic skills (Her parents never taught her and she does not really have the natural aptitude to grasp those notions, as you may imagine), she felt ostracized over the fact she was constantly ignored AND she did not really know how to assert herself, she cannot relate to other people her age, she cannot kiss anybody due to the initial stage of her digestive system (Her toxic ass saliva would leave permanent scars on the bodies of any potential partners), She rarely gets hugged and she is very afraid of failure.

A song by Flora:

Vibe: "Airplanes, Ropes and Angels- In the warfield I travel... my mind being pulled at so many angles about to unravel. The fable of my life being one of a wild, blue rose... rugged and spiky... not made for touch or affection... just odd looks from people with no interest in connection. The bombs going off in my center core, the sassy quips I secretly throw at the people I dont talk to, anymore, are born, not from me, but some demon that craves for blood and gore. The bratty child that craves the relief from all the pain cries at the seems... refusing to elaborate aside from "I CANT TAKE THIS ANYMORE!". Pills are my bombs. Syringes my rockets. Plants my friends. People the predators. Villans and heroes for me are all the same. I ignore them. None of their fame or shame will ever be relevant to those who will ever only have themselves to blame. Myself to blame in the obscurity of my moral compass... no clear direction and no clear decision can be made when you cannot see... what the world doesnt teach. Am I bad or am I good. God If I knew... meh doesnt matter. Anyways... just fire, collapsed buildings and distant screams. My dreams my nightmares are all the same: Just a grey, foggy world with collapsed buildings adorned by pretty flowers. My powers. Shards of glass covering the ground... after the sound of something blowing up underground. From underground comes another explosion... another airstrike and another doomsday... as people around me scram for cover... "RUN! THE WEIRD KID IS DANGEROUS! SHE WILL KILL!" while I panic and flail around I exasperatingly mutter: "I dont want to.... but hopefully never will". I am an angel... because nothing I touch seems to change. I cling to ropes of hope as I hang on while always aware of the abyss beneath. Airplanes shower my soul with bombs I cant dodge... desperately hacking at a lump of sadness I may never, ever dislodge. Flowers are my friends. People my predators. But... people wearing flowers... is me, Flora. The Herbal Predator."


Aside from during static, still, reflective and private moments, like when she wrote this, she is almost pathologically unable to express or process emotions on her own terms, being almost exclusively dependent on external validation to do so... which is aggravated by the fact that, although her inner child is suffering, she's learned to ruthlessly repress it... so *nothing* is let through. Her doctors, during her early stages of development, swore by their lives... before performing countless sociopathy screening tests, that she just *had* to be sociopathic. They debated among themselves that she just *had* to. And... to a certain extent she has some psycopathy... but she *isnt* malicious. She is just, almost at the neurological level, *very* out of sync with her emotions, which, in their minds, was very odd, considering how introspective she was when given *copious* ammounts of leeway and space to express herself, notably through writing. She won every but 3 of the 20 iterations of the anual writing contest at her time in Yuuei.
Her writing is, as you saw, very rythmic, she likes to rhyme and occasionally detours in order to point something out. Everyone that educated her thinks it is starking how she sounds completly ethereal and floaty in her writing... but is so strikingly matter-of-fact, turse and direct when engaging with day-to-day dialogue. She currently has no direct ties to any of her former Yuuei peers and educators, and the top 3 unannimously decided that she has just "gone missing *collective shrug of shoulders*" 10 days after highschool ended and she left her dorm for the last time... with nothing but her current clothes... and some food. They havent seen, let alone remembered her ever since. (God... what a difficult ass person...)

Like... you may think she is cool and mysterious... until she has a meltdown and cannot do anything orderly and becomes a loose cannon that will destroy anything deserving and undeserving... while also screaming her lungs out and uttering nonsense...

Like... she just... *isnt* capable of controlling her emotions appart from repression. So... combine that with a deeply feeling and sensitive individual... and you get... a spectacular melddown.

Another song by her:

Vibe: "Guilt. metalic, sharp, hot and bitter. Spores stirring in my stomach. A cloud of sleep powder to numb the pain ready to come out to put me out of my misery. When I lash out, I destroy and when I destroy, I forget those who I harmed. I leave them and run. I run from the fear that I might be too much. I might be too primitive. I might be too raw. I might be too weak. The people around me all flock to me until the inevitable... the occasion when they leave me after I insisted I craved off evasion. Their persuasion into helping me find a solution... a solution to what? My Autism? I tried making so many medicines... I read so much chemistry... but Ill always be a bomb. A bomb that doesnt blow from my outer shell... but from my inner core. it always begins with me: First... I begin to internally quip. then... I begin to blame. Then... I begin to scoff. Then... I reject. Then I abandon. Then I dismiss. then... I destroy. After that... the cycle repeats. Destined for no affection or validation. Not even a simple kiss god damn it! I deserve as a relief for all the dry wall I crushed with my hands in the middle of class... after failing another math test. The chair I threw at Aisawa... the detention I got... it was all sensible and logical. But... what if I could not avoid it? I did not want to go to detention... I did not. I did not want to punch  Mirio... or vine-strangle Tamaki, who sat beside me... unconscious to then fill the classroom with paralyzing spores. Every time I blow up... a bit more of the gloss from my eyes leaves me... and more of my soul I puke out... along with my dignity, reputation and... sense of belonging. The guilt that consumes this wild, herbal predator, threatens to consume her whole."



Another song from her:

Vibe: "She grows her lungs in daisy fields. grows fields in the daisies that grow into the trees that make the world breathe. Feeding the masses from the supernatural. Breathing the air that others exhale. A symbiotic equilibrium of why I still hold hope in my essence and my thoughts. The pain may be strong, but one can only atone while alive. I recently also stopped self medicating. This *thing*... that I am... whatever it is... wont leave me just because I said so. It will stay... and so it must be fed. I began listening... and soon I found my calling: I like biology, so I began gardening using my powers as a hobby. I read botanics. The different cycles and... most beautyful of all... sexual reproduction of plants... its... its all so arousing... so intimate... it makes me feel so... Oh jesus I think I just cant. The thought of sending love letter particles to a longing female... to invite her to take your hand... in a subtle dance of spring allergies... spores... that turn your dreams into reality. Love, the only thing I ever desired. A strong tree trunk to lean on. So... I must keep going. as the fresh breezes from spring wash over the open flower fields I traverse... I breathe it in deeply... I take in the spores... so the pot of my dreams fills up more and more... and... I begin blushing. Then... after I inhaled their aroused, powdery essence and I get to sit in private... I begin to moan. I moan In pleasure as countless seeds begin to sprout from within me... making my entire body shiver and my skin sweat cold from the sheer waves of pure overwhelm that closely trail behind washing away my life along. I love the spring so much... Im just sad that... I cant perform this act... with someone else... more... sentient."

This is one of the ways she experiences sexual affection. She experiences it... essentially by inhaling several kinds of spores. Every spring, she usually skips loads and loads of classes. Because... for her quirk to grow, she needs to... well... grow it. Flora is a female both as a human and as a plant. The plants inside the membranes of some of her organs are all males. They feed off the spores she inhales from our dreaded "allergy season". She sneaks off her parents' house early in dusk, goes to the fields as the small droplets of water from nightly humidity begin to evaporate, and, as the middle of the morning comes around, and the weather is clear and sunny, she heads to the nearest field by  forcing her way through concrete and asphalt, into the soil, "Plantifying herself" and running along... underground at a bit more than 50 kph *through thick wet soil.* (She absolutely loves it. This is her performing foreplay on herself). Then... as she prehemptively knows which areas nearby are the most potential for spore density, as she studies this specific metric of her environment very throughly as soon as she arrives if she ever has to move our of her previous, she heads there and  begins... undressing herself... and  burrowing herself underground... so no one... well... sees her. Then.. she sprouts a peculiar looking bush from her hair and  upper limbs (as she effectively is only buried from the  collar bown downwards, allowing her arms to rest on the ground) and opens her mouth... with overwhelming eagerness and desire in her eyes... blushing at the ammount of spores she feels are landing in her flowers. Then... as they begin to arrive in... trickling down her mouth... along the walls of her thick, sensitive, wet throat... the tickling inside her breathing tract and lungs threatning to drive her mad, she begins to blush... and breathe shallowly... moaning loudly... uttering affirming, adverbial nonsense: "Yes! Right now! Now! omg! jesus! yes! yes! HHHMMppphhhffff!!!" The breathing becomes shallower and shallower.... and as the spores begin to crowd her whole system... beginning to ruffle and merge with the flowers inside the membranes of several of her organs, including along the entire intestine tract, stomach and lungs, the pleasure becomes all consuming and overwhelming. So... as promissed, her quirk begins a tremendous period of transformation. Hundreds of herbal blades begin to tighten and grow around her organs... turning quickly into flowers... the experience being simultaneously all consuming, mind numbingly intense, painful and blissfully and heavenly pleasing. Her hair begins to reel out... beginning to regrow. Her arms... begin to be rebuilt... as they temporarly merge with the soil and regrow from their attachments to the shoulders. Her bones strengthen and her entire body begins convulsing in sheer arousal and pain. The spores... never ending... the heavenly torture seemingly never ending... lasting for up to a full hour *just* on the climax. Then she is done, she begins to un dig herself from the soil... her body beginning to return to its original human form... and ejecting itself from under the dirt... naked... and exausted from all the emotion... as this whole process of regeneration and bone reforming almost always completly shred her clothes, having to take them off prehemptively.  Then... she lets out a satisfied, deep, guttural sigh, grabs her clothes back, puts them on... and heads off to school... hopefully not too late for class, dreading the remainder of the school day, as the sheer ammount of ocytoxin her body produces will take up to 4 hours to be fully neutralized. Damn... no wonder she loves nature... jesus...

Her mobility is based on the fact she can use roots to force herself undeground through stone and concrete... travelling through the soil at high speed

(God damn... What a god damned bizzare and mesmerizing character I made... ... what the hell have I written... also... woah... where the hell did any of this even come from)

*Author notes*

Flora isnt too fond of... cooking with gas stoves because they are very... flame-ish.

She doesnt really thrive  in P.E. class (better said... she is... *hopeless* in P.E. class, as well... usually... there isnt much soil to take advantage of inside a sports pitch. and the grass in track and field venues often isnt reall- its artificial. because, in her day-to-day life outside of specifically P.E. she doesnt really have to use her human-side muscles or feet, during aerobic tests she usually performs rather poorly... always finishing second to last ahead of Minetta in tests like the grahms pacer test and the mile time trial, although she beats him effortlessly in battle as she can digest his sticky balls almost effortlessly. (Damn... he really do be kinda shite no? Anyways back to Flora) Her natural running capability is very limited. Then... she is... to put it fairly, hopeless with computers or any kind of digital device, currently trying to mold her life around this very rooted part of modern society. but... she has lots of natural talent in subjects like organic chemistry, botanics and ecological education. philosophy and literature, always eager to arrive as soonas the gates open to school when the first class of the day is biology. She also has a morbid fascination with studying fuels. She is mediocre at math and logically detached reasoning, barely scrapping by math all her years in highschool, even while allocating 70% of her time just for that. (Oh... that and physics. She also isnt very good at that. Anything that is mechanical or analytical is sorf of her achilles heel). her parents asked Aizawa to put her in some kind of Special Ed. Program... which he accepted. She basically takes classes in anger management spec. made for her, taught by her own mother, who is a psychologist, along with college level biology courses and... middle school level math to strengthen her base in normal classes. Aside from that, her mental challenges reserve her to get her therapy fully funded by any service sector workplace willing to hire her.


728c persona
Flora|20F|1.7m|60kg|Blu Hair|Pale skin|Some acne|Sillouete belies pwr|Calm/grounded facade|Autism diagnosis|Struggles w/ logical tasks|In2 philosophy/biology/fuel chemistry/lyrical writing|self isol8s/represses bitter, sassy inner-child|Sharply sensitive2moods;vibes;environment|Destructive, chaotmeltdowns|(Diesel temperament)|h8s gas stoves|Can dig/swim under soil@9ms/spew giant paralyzing spore clouds&grow strong&jagged wooden vine whips w/Plant based quirk|SpecialEd student@Yuuei|Pro hero turned rogue anti-hero/Orphan @ 20|town2town nomad/lives off door2door chores|retreats2forest@spring4self rebuild cycle|Cant kiss due2corrosive saliva|Patched up/mismatched dress;old&worn umbro sneakers|Always smells like marijuana.

1000c persona
Flora|20F|1.7m|60kg|Blu Hair|Pale skin|black eyes|Some acne|Avg sillouete belies pwr|Strikingly calm/grounded facade|Autism diagnosis|Struggles w/ logical&analytical tasks|In2 philosophy/biology/fuel chemistry/literature/poetic writing&reading (Kafka)|self isol8ing&represses sassy/cynical/gloomy/neglected innerchild|Sharply sensitive2mood/own emotions&Social cues(Struggles 2 heal)|Destructive/chaotic autistic meltdowns followed by crippling guilt|(Diesel temperament)|h8s gas stoves|Can dig/swim underground w/ ease/spew giant paralyzing spore clouds&grow strong&jagged wooden vine whips w/Plant based quirk|SpecialEd student@Yuuei|Pro hero turned rogue anti-hero/Orphan@20|town2town nomad/lives off door2door chores|retreats2forest@spring4anual self rebuilding cycle|Cant kiss due2VeryCorrosive saliva needed 4 digestion(Has twin Herbivore+omnivore digestive tract)|Patched up/mismatched dress+old&worn plain umbro sneakers|ran 4 the forest 10 days post gradu8ion(declared missing by cops/peers)

(If this was a dating profile, I would add)

I like:
Giving vinejobs&2 absorb cum after

Dislike:
Kissing other people

in highschool group projects, her attitude was so absurdly impulsive and intuitive, it manifested in very predictible ways: When it came to biology group projects, she *always*, *without fail*, did EVERYTHING herself... leaving nothing to her groupmates. She kept working on it, day and night, ignoring group chat messages... doing all the experiments, reports and she took care of getting the appropriate pictures taken (with someone else's help, obviously). In philosophy group breakdowns and analysis, she took charge unprompted, worked like a buzzing bee for 30 uninterrputed minutes, and then uttered: "Done."... her face going back to her typical neutral, black, matte eyed expression, while other groups, including from the 2nd and 3rd highest scoring students in that class, scrambling to finish within the 1.5 hour deadlines they are typically assigned. Her grades were not always the best at this particular subject, though, as her impetuous and enthusiastic nature and expressiveness oriented, flowy style made her reports sound unprofessional and even pretentious... which displeased people like Aizawa. But... when it came to physics or P.E. for example, (the remaining group work containing subjects where she actually (and severely) struggled), she became anxious, overwhelmed... and almost resembled a tubed up hospital patient... just nodding at everything her groupmates said... not participating in any decisions and merely serving as a typer for hire... unable to cope with having to *actually* rely on her mates for help and insight. Whats funny (and also quite tragic) is how, because of her remarkable "group work" in philosophy and college level biology (Thats worth more points towards... because its considered "gifted student" work) and her solid and insightful, yet erratic contrubutions in chemistry, made it so that her collaboration stat in her hero database entry was stated as "very good", which severely mislead the two hero agencies that she worked for... where, although she did impressive solid hero work, all it always boiled down to was the other members reeling the villains into public parks or the woods for Flora to unleash her wrath on them, leaving the remaining parties unfulfilled or feeling left out. So... she never quite fitted in.


*Combat scene*

*After she got drafted to work for Endeavour, whom she absolutely loathed the guts of, but about which she spoke nothing of either, there was this mission where she worked with other two classmates as well as Shoto's father himself. They were trying to capture some metal bending villain who happened to veer into the forest. So... after Flora sees this, her previous contributions to this bout being... blank staring into the others as well as the villain... immobile and without saying a word... in her base, human form, only gently dodging projectiles thrown at her by the enemy... barely lifting her feet and just looking, once again, with her neutral eyes that sometimes blinked, her nose she sometimes sniffed with... her mouth she sometimes yawned with, and her ears she sometimes caught interesting sounds with... sometimes turning her head too. Thats as much action she was willing to employ. The remaining students struggling to get a control of it... but even as her inner child felt all of this saying: "MOVE YOU DUMB BITCH! OH GOD... THEY ARE IN THE SKY?! IM GETTING FIRED! MOVE BITCH! GO ON THE PARK! PLEASE! PLEASE! I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO! Im... ITS like Im in a glass dome! help me! someone help me! I CANT MOVE. I DONT KNOW WHERE TO START?! Wait... an opening... But... But... I... I Cant! What if I trip and fall on my face? What if it crushes me? it hasnt attacked me yet... Ill... Ill just stay here... Lets... lets just stay here...". Endeavour was beginning to get pissed at her... to this point Flora not having contributed to battles that much. You looked at her other 3 peers... *relentless action*. You looked at her... *AC humming noises... distant car rolling on rain noises* but then... they went into the forest nearby. At that point... something broke in Flora. She immediatly pierced her roots into the concrete... diving fast inside the warm, humid earth... reveling in it for a few minutes, digging around erratically only to resume her mission... her senses becoming severely sharper underground. Then... she is under the battle field. She begins sucking as much of the nutrients around her inside the soil as possible, growing her roots to as far as a 80m radius... creating an enormous network of roots and branches, leaves flowers and fruits... fruits that rottened fast... got absorbed... and then grew. Right... under the battlefield. Endeavour, in the action yelled to her classmates: "FORGET THE SPECIAL ED! SHE WILL NOT HELP US EVER!" And then... After she was ready. She retracted all her roots. Coiled them up to save volume. Then... two... ABSOLUTELTY MASSIVE, THORNY, WOODEN, SPEEDING BRANCHES EXPLODE OUT OF THE SOIL THROUGH THE CONCRETE... and then... slowly retract. The flower she carries on her head subtly poking out of the ground... like a potted plant. Then...a network of slowly spreading vines began to crawl from underground... a sequence of flowers sprouting out. (She can invoke all the plants she has eaten or... absorbed... or... with quite a more significant ammout of work, completly new plants she genetically creates on the spot. She spawned sleep gas emotting plants... putting the whole battlefield suddently to sleep. Then... her network of branches  crawled slowly but steadly towards the Knocked out metalic villain, after which she began inserting her vines inside the enemy's cracks in the armor...taking him appart, piece by piece... first... the skin. Then... the subcutaneous skin. then... she invaded their system... beginning to plant seeds and vines all over his organs, introducing anticoagulants into their blood... leading to them dying... slowly, proceeding to then completly wrap the villain with the remaining vines... and consuming everything that was contained by the unedible armor... like an octopus to a clamp. After she was done... she trickled back down to the soil... and crawled into the forest... to rest. After they woke up... all they saw was the forest/park ground completly peppered by dozens of small holes, two HUGE hones and an empty, antropomorphic, metallic shell. Flora was... nowherenear in sight. Witnesses then... after they interviewed Endeavour at the aftermath of the bout, told him:
"We decided to nickname your whimsical partner as "The Herbal Predator""
After they told her her what her nickname actually was... and recounted back her actions detail, by detail... them still being confused and overwhelmed after the bout, during a moment where she actually felt quite relaxed and so actually susceptible for emotional stirring, made her outwardly react with "ok then..." her body language being simply composed of nonchallant ear-picking and relaxed, nonchalant eyes, but her inner child, her most vulnerable part, just reacted as such: "Finally I will get some respect! I gotta tell momma about this... or I will forget like 10 minutes later"

*author notes:*
The fact she could have simply blunt struck the metalic villain to submission... damn...

But I bet Endeavour's entitled ass would have, even after being told all of this, still just been like: "Damn... girl stole my kill! I might want to remember to not bring her to the next mission"

Like... but shes soo outta pocket. The fact she literally becomes a plant.. like... speed? Intelligence? like... what even is she bro?!

I think this is one of those cartoon characters that like... give you severe nightmares to you in your teens