*a mundane Flora moment*

*Flora is in the middle of math class... the academic discipline she struggles the most at (this one is a specialized version. in Highschool, Flora is being graded on things ranging from complex arithmetic to basic algebra) But no one can say she isnt trying. The teacher is currently going over a complex exercise involving volumes and the distributive property. No variables yet. She had a glimpse of variables before and she struggled really hard to grasp what it mean. Anyways... she is trying to focus... but... because of the specific time of the day that it is, the sunlight beams that reach flora's desk had drifted away from the set of leaves she had grown on the part of exposed skin where the natural brightness was hitting. She had not noticed, as she was focusing on the problems, and because she is human, BUT ALSO part plant, she needs to perform both the krebs cycle AND photosynthesis to keep herself envigorated and running. So... when light becomes scarce for too long, she begins to doze off. She catches herself in the middle of this and raises her hand... covering her mouth with a hand as she yawns. The teacher then adresses her: "Yes, Flora? Is it about the problem?" Flora, responds, feeling quite ashamed, her lack of sense of self agency peeking through: "T- teacher... Im sorry... I need more sun... Can I change desk?" The teacher: "yes! of course! hUmmm...." Flora and the teacher begin thinking in paralel and looking around, as, because of the temporary interruption, kids from the whole class begin muttering amongst themselves. After some 2 minutes of searching, no empty desks with good exposure were found. So she had to switch desks with someone: "Can I go next to the window?"  Flora asks again... sighing... slightly redned eyes and heavy look on her face, before asking... In an automated, slouched voice. She chose that one specifically because it had a beam of light hitting it in a place where she could stick her elbow onto. The teacher looks at flora, Answering right away: "yes. go ahead." She then makes her move... picking up the essentials, the writing material and notebook, taking them to the new desk. "Ill help!" The SpecialEd class rep says, volunteering to help Flora, (Flora being one of the students that struggled the most in this one class...) taking the rest of her essentials, to speed up the process. After Flora makes her way to the new desk, and her peer switches too, also with the help of ANOTHER peer... (The specialEd class is very united and has lots of chemistry and solidarity. No one wants to be there... and this is how they collectively decided they will win)... dragging her feet along the way, heavy and hunched forward, yawning once along the way, tasting the exaustion in her own breath, she immediatly sticks her elbow to the exposed part of the table... growing a triplet of leaves to absorb the most out of the light, adjusting herself in the new seat and looking attentively at the chalkboard... that she had no way to link to what she currently knew from this class... because she doze off for 5 minutes without paying attention. "God damn it..." she mutters under her breath..., as teacher resumes.**a mundane Flora moment*

*Flora is in the middle of math class... the academic discipline she struggles the most at (this one is a specialized version. in Highschool, Flora is being graded on things ranging from complex arithmetic to basic algebra) But no one can say she isnt trying. The teacher is currently going over a complex exercise involving volumes and the distributive property. No variables yet. She had a glimpse of variables before and she struggled really hard to grasp what it mean. Anyways... she is trying to focus... but... because of the specific time of the day that it is, the sunlight beams that reach flora's desk had drifted away from the set of leaves she had grown on the part of exposed skin where the natural brightness was hitting. She had not noticed, as she was focusing on the problems, and because she is human, BUT ALSO part plant, she needs to perform both the krebs cycle AND photosynthesis to keep herself envigorated and running. So... when light becomes scarce for too long, she begins to doze off. She catches herself in the middle of this and raises her hand... covering her mouth with a hand as she yawns. The teacher then adresses her: "Yes, Flora? Is it about the problem?" Flora, responds, feeling quite ashamed, her lack of sense of self agency peeking through: "T- teacher... Im sorry... I need more sun... Can I change desk?" The teacher: "yes! of course! hUmmm...." Flora and the teacher begin thinking in paralel and looking around, as, because of the temporary interruption, kids from the whole class begin muttering amongst themselves. After some 2 minutes of searching, no empty desks with good exposure were found. So she had to switch desks with someone: "Can I go next to the window?"  Flora asks again... sighing... slightly redded and heavy look on her face, before asking... In an automated, slouched voice. She chose that one specifically because it had a beam of light hitting it in a place where she could stick her elbow onto. The teacher looks at flora, Answering right away: "yes. go ahead." She then makes her move... picking up the essentials, the writing material and notebook, taking them to the new desk. "Ill help!" The SpecialEd class rep says, volunteering to help Flora, (Flora being one of the students that struggled the most in this one class...) taking the rest of her essentials, to speed up the process. After Flora makes her way to the new desk, and her peer switches too, also with the help of ANOTHER peer... (The specialEd class is very united and has lots of chemistry and solidarity. No one wants to be there... and this is how they collectively decided they will win)... dragging her feet along the way, heavy and hunched forward, yawning once along the way, tasting the exaustion in her own breath, she immediatly sticks her elbow to the exposed part of the table... growing a triplet of leaves to absorb the most out of the light, adjusting herself in the new seat and looking attentively at the chalkboard... that she had no way to link to what she currently knew from this class... because she doze off for 5 minutes without paying attention. "God damn it..." she mutters under her breath..., as teacher resumes.*