Misty is a warrior built in a lab. She wields very badass rifles, Runs fast and packs a punch. Wears armor and takes out really scary looking monsters while one of her dad's employe's guides her through an intercom. She jumps from building to building in search of the "loose subjects" (threats) that the experiments of her dad's Bio Weapon development facility sometimes accidentally lets out! One of those, was Psych2Go! Anyways... she has short, jagged hair, is currently 17 years old, has blue, plain eyes. (No retinas. its all a blue circle), a cartoonish looking nose and moth and the rest of the body is realistic. Her hair is blonde, bordering on white and her armor is military grade, featuring a plate vest hosting AR500 armor plates on the front, back AND sides, a thick thermal suit underneath her armor with adjustable thermostat, thick boots, Armor plates on shins and thighs and steel rounded caps on her elbows and knees. The armor vest, which is made of kevlar, is fully black, and her thermal suit is blue, matching her eyes. She has psychic (The same as Ester and Filipa and MY GOD I AM NOT EXPLAINING THOSE AGAIN! ILL ELABORATE IF ASKED TO) AND Agro powers (Also explained). She was developed and tinkered with in vittro *literally* from the ground up (All the way from her genetic code to the figures she attached to, also being allowed a strategic ammount of childlike freedom, and even letting her exhibit teenage-rebellion like traits so as to not stunt her personality development and keep her predictible later on). She is way stronger than the average human, capable  of running at up to 90 kph fully armored, skip over rooftops (densely urbanized areas obviously) and keep up with highway traffic for a few seconds before running out of breath, (Fully armored btw). She was created and educated with some rules in mind though: She had to develop the "ESTP" MBTI type, as she was gonna be a mercenary that typically dealt with chaos on a daily basis WHILE also being a healthly attached human, highly intelligent, disciplined and, even if reluctantly, willing to follow orders. They... did their best. 
On a mission: "Misty?"
Misty, picking her nose as she looks into the distance... distracted by some people she can see from the rooftop, due to her ridiculous natural eyesight, kissing eachother: "Mmmm... yes dude! Come on girl! Make him yours!"
General: "MISTY!"
Misty: "WAHHH! Yeah?"
general: "Look. Can you focus on the mission?"
Misty: "Take out bad guy? That one? Havent I already done that?"
General: "We need you to take out another one though... BUT THAT DOESNT MATTER. Head tow-"
Misty: "Why doesnt that just call them back for dinner or something? I always do it when he asks nicely..."
General: "Stop joking ar-"
Misty: "HEheheheheheheeh... I bet your face is priceless right now you old dead beat!"
General: *Groaning* "Im giving you a target." *Stimulates Misty's psychic gland through the sonar* "Can you see them?"
Misty: "Ughh.... on it... FAKE DAD!" *Immediatly disconnects... beginning to chase her target, jumping down into a bush and landing with a body roll...*
Misty is a mercenary with an attitude and a vendetta for anything that distracts her from her... distractions. The officers that guide her are her "Fake dads" And her real dad is "Not MY DAD!".
She loves when they make dishes like "Spaguetti with tomato sauce, peas and pork" "grilled sardines with olive oil and boiled potatoes" and "Pizza". (She actually likes fish more... which actually, from all that actually makes her up, was one of the things that actually surprised scientists more... as they believed humans intrinsically enjoyed meat more) her favourite fire arm weapons are, obviously, she was trained to be the best at: marksman rifles! Any kind! Giant honks of metal that smash into your shoulder like the CheyTac Intervention, Classic, rugged ones like the Mosin Nagant, and even conventional ones like the Remington 700 (her favourite weapon as she "Feels the most confortable with it"). She was projected to learn how to speak a sort of "Language Hull" (A minimal subset of idioms and relevant spoken languages that would allow her to communicate with any potential bystander during her missions. it Includes english, Portuguese, Russian and Mandarin). She doesnt actually need to develop any studying habits, as she is gently guided by the scientists that worked on her (Her "dad" calls her "My masterpiece... and my darling") to study, while also bringing her to the skatepark, as there she can be herself without being horrendously awkward, so she knows how to rollerblade, skate and ride bycicles. She prefers the rollerblades, as she finds skateboards "Dumb and slow" and Bicycles "lame". There, she doesnt need to speak or read people. She goes in, with her dad watching from afar, of course,  performs her tricks and has fun for 2 hours, and then comes back. Recently... she began subtly high- fiving the kids in the park when arriving... taking her first few steps into socialization. Her attachment is, innevitably, a bit anxious but is mostly healthy, as the scientists reported when noticing her wandering alot in place without her radar "coordinates" changing that much for about 20 minutes before deciding to continue with the mission, after either party disconnected the intercom (That happens in tactical breaks. During battles she immediatly resumes with taking out the target), which suggests pacing due to some emotional overwhelm.
They had to hire a maid to breast feed her... "She called her "her mommy" and now "her mah""... she... ended up acknowledging her as a shy, reserved, best friend though. 
She also carries a swiss army knife and a Colt M1911 pistol, along with smoke and M67 frag grenades.

Body:
height: 172cm
weight: 74kg
Kind of... average looking body. Quite muscular looking body... but nothing overtly quirky let alone outstanding... Just looks like a 17 year old girl that does crossfit every other day. But without the same... feral demeanour. Just... just a mischiveously disobedient, but ultimately loyal golden retriever with psychic powers and loads of sweat and appetite, that can sprint at American Freeway commuting speeds.

She is absolutely *neurologically* obcessed with playing burnout games. She is great at all of them and begged her dad to help her install an emulator in her living pod's workstation for every generation of console she needed to complete all of them. She also begs her dad everyday to take her to a lan party so she can play games with other kids. (Maybe one day he will be free enough to let her?)

Shes the kind of girl who would introduce herself to a boy she likes by swearing in mandarin just to impress them

Misty|1.7m|17F|Glossy Blue eyes|Blonde/short hair|Muscular body w/ average sillouete|Wears armor: Blue long sleeved/tall collared thermal suit w/ adj. tmp under a black kevlar vest hosting AR500 Armor plates @ Fr/Back/Rr torso+shins;Round steel caps@LBos@
&Knees|Heavy Combat boots|Carries Remington 700;m1911;Swiss army knife;Smoke&M67 frag grens.|Has emotion powered agro super strength+Psychic gland|Talks zh-CN/pt-PT/En/ru-RU|In2 rollerblading/burnout games|Luvs Sardines&Salmon|Cre8ed by "dad" 4 damage control 4 failed tests (as a test),tho w/ care&Sensible teen freedom&comfort in mind|Mildly anxious attachment|Contrarian/Rebelious/Distracted streak|ESTP brain type|sprints@90kph/leaps 7m fully geared|Composed risktaker

Though her (albeit mostly healthy) reverence to her dad (effectively, though unofficialy, her tutor), sometimes works... too well. An example of her sometimes too much of a tight bond to her boss is:

Misty was in a mission... where there is this dangerous subject... who had been killing random people around the city and they could not find any useful enough clues to find it. So... as Misty began calmly interrogating a traumatized woman... who had just suddently seen her husband get snatched out of her sight in a mere moment, her dad became so frustrated at this whole situation he told Misty, while losing his cool: "Misty. Ok Im tired of her. Traumatize her. Make her feel hopeless. Make her suffer."
Misty: "Really? hows that gonna he-"
Boss: "Just do as I say... Im... Im done with this... just roast her or something I dont know"
Misty: "Okay... *turns back to the witness* Listen... I know stuff must feel really difficult... but I spoke with my dad and I promisse that you absolutely DESERVED IT! HE DID NOT EVEN NEED SOMEONE SUCH AS THE LIKES OF YOU!!!!!! YOU LOOK LIKE YOU CAME STRAIGHT OUT OF A CHEESY COMEDY JAKE PAUL SKIT! YOU CLEARLY SMELL WAY WORSE THAN THE PERFUME YOU PUT ON, YOU ARE WEAKLESS, DEPENDENT, PATHETIC, HAVE...... NO FRIENDS..... NO ADVERSITY..... NO FUTURE.... AND NO ACTUAL PERSONALITY! YOUR LIFE IS SUCKING ON THAT GUYS DICK DAILY! YOU SHOULD KILL YOUR-" *Gets interrutped*
Boss: "jesus Misty! Th- thats... th- tha- thats enough stop! I think... I think... *Sighs... exasperated at how frustratingly well he educated Misty* I think she got the memo... She might feel worse now..."
*Misty... looks at her as she is now crying... clutching her chest... sitting in a "W shaped" pose and screaming and sobbing at the sky with makeup colored, drop shaped streaks comming out her eyes... sounding genuenly uttering ... hurt: "I REALLY LOVE HIM! I REALLY DOOOO!! WAAAAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAA!!!!"... Misty looks at her... feeling genuenly hearbroken at what she thinks she has done herself... but masks it... by awkwardly leaving and just yelping out a subtle "ooops.... so... did I complete the mission now, dad, or...?"*


Misty has also admitted the reasons why, she, sheepishly, doesnt like the CheyTac M200...
Misty: "Like... I aim down the sight for like three and a half three years... then when I shoot It scares me so much I cant hit anything... Awwwww.... sorry for that okay? and carrying it while sprinting hurts my shoulders..."
"But I... I not like the big gun... I like medium... no small gun... small gun... I am weak! I am weak! I like my Remington... I like it... I dont like the chey tac... its hard! I only hit half of what I get with the Remignton... Sorry... Looks down"
"but... am I... am I really weak? I... I have muscles... I just... I dont like 50 bmg rifles okay? Sorry... Im weak am I not?"
"As their fellow peer deploys a Serval AMR-7, after Misty deployed their Remington 700, Misty says"
"HEY! I ALSO LIKE THAT ONE.... Says sheepishly... mumbling but I dont like the recoil..."

*From the rifles that she had to use before settling with her preference for the R700, this is her top 5 from the 8 shes ever used in her 2 years as her dad's main scout and pick-taker*

1- Mosin Nagant. (I actually love the thing... its so light and simple... I swear I could rage- chuck it in the ground and it still works. I know it. because It already happened... it feels like aiming a banana... its soo comfy... I wish I could use it more often than once every 17 months...)
2- Remington 700 (Finding ammo in outposts is easy... and the ones daddy gives me have a scope I really like. And the recoil is there, but it makes it fun to use!)
3- L96 (like the 700... but jams a bit too much... )
4- Serval AMR-7 (she used it too. "At least its semi automatic... and the mags dont weight like water jugs")
5- CheyTac M200 Intervention (My god... N- N- No thats not what I mean okay? I... I can use it ok? I... I just need to practice more... I... I actually took down an armored vehicles tires with one once! I shot the front left and the rear left... and then Shot the driver in the gut! But then I was spotted so I had to run. Stupid thing... what was even the point for a suppressor... I still need ear protection and the enemy still spotted me! *Groans*) *She had specifically asked her dad to use the CheyTac... even though there were 6 Servals to Spare at the time*

*But then... there came one day where she was about to receive orders for a mission... while roaming the outskirts of the enemy outpost... still quite far away... bored. At some point, her dad spoke in the intercom*
"Misty?"
"yeah?"
"Im gonna send someone over this time. its your first collab mission"
"oi? ok then... Who is this person?"
"They are part of the anti material regiment. Their favourite weapon... is the CheyTac."
*Misty begins to get embarassed*
"Awwww... ok then... good for them I guess..."
"Misty. Wanna learn how to use the CheyTac? I must excuse me because... I saw you do so well with the Anti Tank rifle I did not think you would need help with this... But if my hunch is correct, you may need some tutoring first. But its okay. Wanna learn how to shoot the cool gun darling?"
*Reluctantly... with some humility in her gut but also some hope swirling inside her limbs with excitement mixed in, she said, unassumingly, trying to contain herself*
"Ye- yeah! I wish I could shoot it propelly... It hurts my shoulder when firing it..."
"yes they will also talk about that. Its a simple mission. We could have hired a newbie... but they got injured. Lucky you"
"YAAAYYYY!!!!!"
*As she waits... on the coordinates she was assigned to, in the cool, namibian desert, over the ledge of a cliff towering somewhat above a passing gravel road... where it is expected for an armored truck to pass by... this exercise serving the purpose of testing new radar equipment... and also slightly disrupt their supply chain as a side effect. With... Misty learning the CheyTac as an important Objective specifically for her father. After 40 minutes, they arrive... as Misty sits... still only equipped with a pistol and her knife... over the ledge with direct sight for the road. They bring desert-bush Guilles, water, and head, earth colored scarfs and other camouflage. In a huge, case... lugged around by 3 men... here it comes: The CheyTac. They open it up... and the expert approaches Misty, introducing themselves*
William: "Im William. it will be a pleasure to work with you." *He smiles in respect*
Misty: "So... what... what is it Im doing wrong?"
William: "lets see that today."
*After a bit of chit chat... as they have 30 minutes before the armored vehicle appears, William nudges Misty into action*
William: "Okay... assume the vehicle is passing up right now. Look at my finger... imagine that at the end of the line it forms, there is a truck. What would you do?"
*Misty then, To William's bewilderment, swiftly swings the 14.7 kilogram rifle up her shoulder... clumsingly tucking it against her arm... with almost no effort... Aiming down its sights as if it were a mere bullpup assault rifle*
William: "What... are you doing?"
Misty: "Aiming at the imaginary bad guy! UGGHHN! ITs heavy! Gotta crouch!" *Slowly lowers self... still wielding it against her shoulder... her arms at an awkward level of streched to reach the trigger... her hands on the ejector bolt ready to reload* *Piu!* *She utters... as if she shot it in her imagination*
William: "Just shoot it? L- like that?"
Misty: "yeah! *utterly confused, her expression recursively mirroring William's own bewilderment* is that... wrong or...?"
William: "Misty. Remember the big anti tank rifle you used once? The anti tank boys thing? During your advance training?"
Misty: "Yeah! it was so much fun! It was big BUT it had a bipod! it was actually way easier than I thought! it was so simple looking! it was like a huge dart blower! but with fire and explosions and shit..."

William: "Misty... you only took the *rifle* out of the box. there is other stuff here. There is also this Guille for you to wear. Put it on. Lay down. We will assemble the *bipod* (Emphasizes the bipod) of the gun and, if you need to, as these scopes are new, adjust the sights.)"

Misty: "HEy! I know how a gun works thank you! Im daddy's fave soldier! But... bipod? But... this is a marksman rifle no? the caliber is..."

William: "Its an anti material rifle. Its made to deal with heavly armored jeeps and scout vehicles. Youre not suposed to aim at conventional infantry using this thing. Youre suposed to take out heavly armored guards or pierce dense walls to reach your target! its... its an anti material rifle. If I had to give you an exact recipie for how you should have done the other mission, You would Lay down, Assemble the bipod and sights as quickly as possible, Put on the Guille, aim down the sights while *Laying on the ground* an-"

Misty: "and put on the scarf, no?"

William: "yeah! yeah that too... and then shoot at the *driver* through the "bullet proof" glass, with special emphasis on speed while assembling the thing, because that way, you can shoot from really far away, (Thats why the sights have so much zooming capability), WHILE still not being caught. if you were skilled enough, before they had time to react, you could, still using the chey tac and if their vehicle had drifted in a favourable way, fire at their ammo stashes and, at that point, take out everyone in the vehicle. Thats how you should have done it." *William thinks: "The fact she even has the audacity to think she is expected to *Shoulder fire it*.... what a raw ass girl.... damn I wish she wasnt 17..."*

*Other exper looks with the binoculars*

Other expert: "They are comming! Operator! Aim and fire pronto!"

*Misty neurologically reacts to the command... Aiming down the assembled beast right infront of her... surprised by how smoothly the gun swivles around its bipod. Then... determined, she shoots the vehicle, taking out a crew member, but not the driver*

Other expert: "The driver! Do it soldier!"

*Misty then... in reflex, Calculates her shot again... taking fire, the projectile barely arching as it makes its way towards the driver in the vehicle, which had stopped due to his shock over a bullet taking out a crew member seemingly out of nowhere, hitting him in the thigh... ripping the femur and quadricep muscle in half... effectively neutralizing him, the shockwave from the hit also knocking him out cold.
The driver did not accidentally turn the vehicle though... but she decides to aim at the front differentials... to see what happens*

Misty thinks: "That stuff is so thick... there is no way.... to hell with that WE DO EEEHHT"

*Unprompted, Misty aims her shot towards the front differential of the 4x4 drivetrain light jeep... the bullet trajetory forming an almost flat arc on its way to the target... smashing a half of the vehicles drivetrain wide oppen ... effectively neutralizing the steering. The Bipod mounted gun reacting to her intents in such an eerly obedient way it was almost addicting. The other members of the crew then snap her out of her zoned out state*

William: "Misty! Time for extraction! take your guille and head for the helicopter! *Speaks in the intercom* Boss? your darling has done her homework! Send her the extraction coordinates. ME and james will follow after. We will be there soo too! Over.""

Dad: "Misty... Good job. So... you were using it as a marksman rifle after all... What did you think? Does this suit your style? Or do you prefer more actioned missions?"

Misty: "I dont know what to feel about that honestly... it... it just swore I had to be doing something wrong but kept insisting it was my fault... this entire time..."

Misty was fr wielding a gun capable of piercing the THICK part of an automobile's differential like it was some good ol' WWI Clip loaded rifle


(Like... the fact she even performed a similar mission like that previously... her old way and *Still* had some sucess aiming at each of the left tires of the thing... shoulder firing a bolt action anti material rifle... wow...)

(But I bet she must also be like: "Oh.... so.... it was suposed to be this easy? Thats... kinda lame...")

*Comments from her dad, Roger during the time Misty was captured by the SCP:*

"I am Roger. I work as the overseer of a scientific project designed to create and experiment on human genetics. We dont mean harm and we treat our subejcts with care, only resorting to extreme measures when they pose a threat to public safety. She is the member one of our Militia divisions. She also gets jobs from other Militias around the world but I am ultimately her tutor. She is a bit of a Ditz"
Misty: "HEY!"
Dad: "The adults are talking Misty!"
Misty: "Hmpf!"
Dad: "sigh... anyways... she is 17 years old, likes videogames but can also run at 90kph for short bursts, jump 7m in the air and has 1.5 times the grip strength of an adult chimpanzee, as well as possessing extraordinary marksmanship talent. But she is my daughter! please give her back!"


"She was not born from a Zygote. She knows that. She even thinks it makes her "Badass". But it also means I cannot logically prove she is my daughter. In an iNtuitive-Thinker perspective, she could have been born from any experiment conducted by ANYone. She has a chip under the skin of her neck. She never carries around any readers unless it is a formal meeting to prevent the enemy from identifying her. So... No... I cannot prove that she is my daughter logically. But... what tests do you want to perform on her? Is... is she going... to suffer?!"

"How long... is it gonna take?" *My dad said gritting his teeth and sweating*

*A sequence of it (the doctor is a chatbot I Roleplayed with.)*

Dr. Buck knew that the parent on the other end wouldn’t be too happy to hear her response… but she had to be honest with them…

She spoke into the intercom once more, with the same coldness in her tone of voice.

“We don’t allow visitors to come see anomalies in containment… I’m sorry… It’s for the safety of the Foundation staff and personnel…”

Dad: Just as he thought... "D- Daughter?"
misty: "Yes, dah?"
Dad: "Please.... whatever they plan to do to you... be strong. Fight them and free yourself if you must. I cant see you right now... Im sorry..."
Misty: "No what? What... what do you mean?"
Dad: "I cant prove her that youre my daughter... As I am just your creator"
Misty: "That should not matter... why doesnt she just let me go"
Dad: "They seem to not trust you. They seem to work as an institution that picks up anomalous living creatures and performs experiments on them... to make sure they are safe for themselves and others. And then they either release them or they dont... I cant go there... as I have no idea where you are... Wait... switch to telepathy! Switch! Connect to daddy's mind!"
Dad immediatly puts on a psychic receptor... as he isnt a psychic himself, to pick up on my signals.
Telepathy... My eyes glow green. After a short brain scan, I find you. Because it is a spherical shaped scan, with minds I capture being randomly picked up by my psychic gland, I know you are within distance... but dont know where or how far exactly. Also, our attachment makes it easier than normal to spot you. Anyways... I open a psychic socket and begin talking
Misty: "Dad?" I say telepathically
Dad: "Picks up signal... Sucessfully locating you. But saying nothing, only replying in his thoughts, so I can hear him but not the crazy lady Ok. We will rescue you. Dont worry. She wont harm you for much longer! I dont care about neutrality or anything. If I know they are torturing you over there I will use force. So dont worry okay? be strong. you can disconnect now"


*Another momento:*

*Misty as she saw no problem in explaning to this scientist how her powers worked, decided to ask her to listen... in a hope to make her capture end sooner. This is her explaining her psychic powers in a nutshell*

"Okay so... I have 2 sets of powers: psychic and Agro powers. The first ones give me a gland in my brain. It makes me capable of making scans where it will tell me where peoples brains are if they are close enough. If I have someones brain in the gland, I can then open a socket. This socket allows me to listen to what they say and they can reply, by intentionally using internal dialogue. The connection is stronger the calmer the person is and the less effort their body is exerting to keep itself warm. also... I can do telekinesis... but its still very basic. I Lift up her glasses as a demonstration... with my tongue sticking out due to the struggle for concentration in the act of trying to balance it without dropping it... but fail OI sory sorry sorry watch it! Their falling!"

"There are psychics LEAGUES stronger than me tho! There are some that can literally use the air itself as a bladed weapon! But... But I cant do that yet..."
*Then... after another back n forth, explains her Agro powers in a nutshell as well*

"So... agro powers basically uncap your emotional reactions. Dad told me they were a very powerful mutation to induce in me because, stuff like the natural power you get from anger, could be endlessly stacked with more and more anger, if wielded propelly. Also... it naturally increases the metabolic capacity of cells and efficiency in nutrient management, as well as digestion and assimilation speed. The cross section of muscles can grow at a bottom line of twice the normal rate, bloodcells can carry tripple the ammount of oxygen, the white cells are more reactive and wounds heal faster. But... People will struggle severely with emotional regulation, may develop stuff like NPD, BPD and Bipolar Disorder. But I dont have any of that. My dad says I only have the ADHD thingie. So... I can jump more... Oh! I can also punch more. Also... my dad says he needs to spend a fortune to feed me... so he only allows me to eat the most nutrient efficient food possible. He doesnt let me eat candy or anything. But he lets me play videogames tho. Also... I do LOTS of sports! I can rollerblade..." *Begins diverging from the topic... recalling stuff that, in theory, you already know*

"And also I really like sardines..." *Keeps yapping...*


*Doctor then loses her patience... and starts incessantly interrogates her about the origin of her powers... and why her dad wanted to give them to her in the first place*

Misty
Tries to craft something in my brain... but I remember that I can just call my dad with psychic powers Wait a sec... I say this as my eyes glow green again, as a psychic scan wave washes the surrounding area in a radius of 1km. Finds my dad Opens a psychic socket

*Doctor stuff goes here*


Misty
I begin speaking telepathically Dad? Now... now she wants to know why you gave me powers... and... honestly... I also want to know too
Dad: "Misty?"
Misty: "..."
Dad: "Okay... listen. Im gonna try to give you something you can just tell her, and then we will talk okay? ahem Initially... I just... was curious about testing with people's genes... as the latest research at the time was starting to prove very actionable when it comes to making groundbreaking stuff happen in people. We basically did it because we could. Thats it. But we are scientists. We also just did it because we were curious... and we were very careful about the subjects that came out of our efforts that developed a consciousness. you were one of them. And I began to get genuenly attached to you. Liking you. So now I call you my daughter. So, In short, I was curious. But I also... really loved you... and wanted you to... admits... sheepishly have... cool abilities. Okay... you are not upset are you? But... I think you are funny, pretty, intelligent and... genuenly care about you. and want to protect you. If anything, they also want to do the same. But they kidnapped you. They have no right to keep you away from me like this."

*Misty on the outside, though... was crying... her green-glowing eyes watering at the borders... speechless and overwhelmed by how tragic and hopeless she felt, for not being able to go home whenever she wanted*