Mr Dickinson from Beyblade



I think Mr Dickinson from Original beyblade is an INFJ. Lets break it down:
Ok first of all: what temperament? I think he is not an IP, because he is not a detached advocate or detached explorer or detached problem solver or detached theorist. He likes to be in the background. He also does not really care about expressing or demonstrating just for thr sake of the idea or experience itself, so not EP. He is a judger. then... the next letter is: is he an I or an E? Judger... ok. So he likes to gather people and he likes to gathera people and for people to get along. But... he is not constantly present or moving to actively maintain that harmony. He wants people to get along and can do it quite well... but his main isssue is always his internal contemplations. He always wants things a certain way and because his primary action is outside, his primary info function has to be internal, because, on the outside, he is too busy maintaining control. Non malignant control, but still control. Soooo... he just goes back to contemplating everytime. He just sits in his office... seemingly "sleeping" and not engaging much wether it is acting on the world or exploring. so... He is a Pi dom. Dickinson is an IJ. ok. so... now... lets start with the easy: is he a T? or a F? I think he is a F. Because, as I said, he likes when things work well with eachother based on how he thinks they work. Ti+ Fe. "Ok Kai. I believe you can lead the team. You are this and this and this. So lead away bucko! And try to get closer to other people! everyone should be in harmony. Everyone should express their unique skill and our group has to maintain cohesion and adapt to individual approaches to problems" (Fe helping Ti helping Fe Helping Ti...). Anyways... Mr. Dickinson is the freest F in existence. His F is delivered to us in a silver platter. Anyway... next! Now... this is the hardest part. S or N? I think N actually! Its actually easy because I did not have to cook it while writing this. He is an Ni because he does not explain ANYTHING that he makes his bladers do and if the bladers were blind... they would all be screwed. His Ni digests experiences, and experiences come from the senses and because of that, the things Ni receives are quite averbal. Because Se is averbal! So the person looks for stuff that refreshes their averbal Ni with experiences that are hard to explain because they are seen in an abstract way that is vague for anyone except them. Dickinson only talks to people after he observed them for a long time and also does not elaborate that well on why he wants people to join him. "Ill show you!" "Youll see!". I could explain further but I think you get it. Dickinson is an INFJ. and funny enough, he is an INFJ because of the slightly quirky way beyblade makes him intetact with people. He always chooses to interact with people only when he knows something they dont... then he is like: "Trust me bro! Youll see!" . An ISFJ would be like: "Know this? ok good. know this... ok... know this? ok good... so... what I am saying is this! get it now?"
What I mean is... instead of constantly planning every little thing like an ISXJ, its like he only approaches stuff after being sure hes done the homework