Neurotic ISTJs high on warm bread ate my sawdust collection:


Ok: An example from me that explains the vibe behind both Fe Ti and Fi Te is this:
Ok: Its like 7pm, winter, cold outside, holiday. You are in 5th grade playing a videogame with a parent next to you in bonding time. Its low stakes. The parent will be of two types, very specific ones for more realism: One will be SOME IXFJ and the other will be SOME IXTJ. Anyways... and in this videogame... there are these even lower stakes tasks that will have some annoying but non definitive consequence. And you two are bantering, so... the words spewed can be a little more intense than necessary. Ok: First the IXTJ parent. You fail the task... and you could not physically predict the outcome based on what the environment was... and are like: "Oh man... I really needed this task for X! Now its gonna cost me like 2 minutes!" Hes gonna be like: "Kid! That does not matter! Dont you wanna do X? why does this matter? Just wait the 2 minutes kid! Its gonna be worth it! Youll get it!" This is the parent... in a carefree banter moment with the son. The parent, in this branch, is a Te Fi with quick switching... so he is just laying out practical, grounded advice for external logic (For you to get this you need this right?) to densify the sons authenticity bubble (Youll definitely get THE THING YOU DESIRE!). He does not really care about wether or not there is actually any External adulting for the sake of an authenticity bubble to be made beyond his words... but its just what IXTJs do naturally. Now... IXFJs: what they will do instead is: "Ok... dont worry! You could not control it! Its not your fault! Its part of the game! Its how the game works! Now... all you have to do is learn ok?" The IXFJ is soothing the child (Fe) and giving them some puzzle pieces for them to improve their internal framework (Ti). And an analogous comment made for IXTJs can be made for IXFJs. And in both cases... if the sons type is compatible, how nurturing the advice will be will be sharply higher! People need to understand this!


"Get out there and eat that horse" is average Te Fi advice


Yet another attempt at synthesizing (Te vs Fi) and (Ti vs Fe):

Te and Fi: Ok: Based on what each of OURSELVES really want, lets try to figure out what we can do TOGETHER

Ti and Fe: Ok: Based on what each of OURSELVES really know, lets try to figure out what we actually want TOGETHER

te grip: Like... "Look at how useless and pathetic and slow! Slow! pathetic! lack goals! degens!"

Fe grip is like: "Look! I am not mean! they are mean! Im not mean! I respect everyone and I try my best to be liked! Why do I have try so hard but no one cares? why? I deserve to be liked! I am a good person damn it!"

No... No... no my guy... Fi, Ti... those are all equally deliberate and calculated. they are all COGNITIVE FUNCTIONS! They require COGNITION! No... Im sorry... that take that Fi is just "DoINg whAT FEllS goOd" is trash. End of story no questions.

if people is just doing what feels good... they are not... Fi users. they have self control issues

But... its always deliberate! Someone who just does what feels good is either spiritually wounded, a psychopath, a small child or is a complete idiot.

yes! It can also be... a psychological thing! But its not MBTI! MBTI assumes DELIBERATE THOUGHT PROCESSES!

Then... *rethorically angry* IS IT ASTROLOGY OR NOT HUH?! RESPECT DADDY! DADDY WORKS ALOT TOO!


The first sentence serves to declare just how much of a beef I have and how much I actually care about tepid, vague, resentful nonsense