Mbti let it rip type nuanced rambling

When a group of people are inside a gigantic fire and when people are suffering from an infection plague, The mindset adequate to assume is different.

In the first situation, the mindset to have is one of internal assertedness, direction and efficiently heading towards an objective. Explicit and direct goals.  Common logical framworks. These people often have a very accute internal sense of what will guide them towarda what they trully want. And Ill use strategies that have already been prototypically defined to be adequate. Te. Extroverted Thinking. Theoretical. And introverted feeling (Fi).
They are all about asserting their own place in society and the world around them, by "whatever means necessary". Unstopabble force.


The second situation, the mindset is not one of forceful or assertive direction, but one of patience, consentual and negotiated understanding and carefully devised and unconventional logic. These people are all about finding out how they fit in the world... but not forcefully through pragmatic adulting and calm and considerate communication. This one fits better because... well....plagues dont disappear quickly, as fires do.
This is about understanding the world by one self (Ti) And THEN finding out how they fit together (Fe) (Introverted thinking. Extroverted Harmony)

Fitting in... slotting in... understanding... subtelty. Thats the essence of Ti Fe

Basically... "Just use google!" vs "Explaining it by themselves in their own words"


Carving ones own path vs adapting to ones own strengths in a non disruptive way.

Each approach has drawbacks and advantages.

But....unfortunately... they are dual. They exist together over a lifetime... but... they cannot coexist in the same instant of time.
And people... always tend to settle more with one than the other.

Then... we have the perception axices:


I already have enough familiarity to describe all 4 somehow:

Ne big, Si small:

These people chase butterflies. They explore the world through hypotetical experimentation and relentless, iterative questioning, always optimistic of what the world has to offer... but often confused about what they *actually* know. They often doubt themselves quite alot and are very flaky... always finding "something better to do", something they struggle to control. They are often artistic, In more or less subtle ways, speak in a very metaphorical, yet vivid manner... scattering ideas around so other people piece them together... serving other peoples' "Si". (This is Ne, extroverted Intuition).
In dialogue, they branch, branch, branch, branch... and then they remember: "Oh! I better wrap this up! Ohhh boy..." Take the prototypically good story teller that never finishes his craft. Like one piece! Thats a perfect example of this. They are natural optimists. (They can be rather naive when lacking direct experience... believing in things like: "But everyone can be my friend! If they are not already my friends theyll warm up!")
They often just look like they are "shooting ideas to the wind" because they may be trying to expand from a distorted perception of what they thing their lower "Si" knows. Further exacerbated when the judging functions are slotted between the two perceiving functions.



Si Big Ne small:


These people do the above... but in a different order... resulting in a different approach to problem solving: They explore possibilitiea tentatively... checking the integrity
Of their Si view of what immediate reality looks like at every step of the way. They plan, make backup plans and make backups for the backups. Prototypical Overplanning Student council model aprentices.
"Check....check again.... check again....check again... check again... AND THEN advance." Not necessarly pessimistic... but always hesitant about futures possibilities. "I... would not do that. Why would that work?" sorta mindset


Se big, Ni small:

These people are all about reality. "Real". "Fake". "Real". "Fake". Unpretentious and oriented towards experiencing the world in its rawest and purest way. They seek understanding purely by diving in and attempting, but not constructing a personalized view of reality, but a personalized Understanding and global metaphor for it all. They get frustrated with what they see as "Presumptious" metaphor and "Pseudo Intellectual poetry".
Their speech is rooted in the belief that everyone experiences the world the same. (whereas Ne high people think everyone understands the world the same) So they often sound very confusing in their expressed verbal reasoning... feeling more at ease while simply showing instead of telling. They are often very no-nonsense and come across as cynical.
prototypical rural village mechanic sorta mindset.
Terrible theoretical dissectors. Amazing hands on guidance figures.
"You woulnt get it. Watch this"
They are often so fixated on being going everywhere that they never seem to care about where... exactly, they should go next or what ANY of the experiences they have accumulated can actually entail.
They dont really vibe with Ne people. (And the same from Ne people back at them)

A story that exemplifies the clash bewteen Ne and Se perfectly is the conflict of Socrates and Diogenes, where they are Ne and Se respectively.