*HGG talks with Kitboga*
Finally HealthyGamer talks with someone with A C T U A L Adversity in his life and not some loser with no friends... smh finally... it seems his brain is functioning propelly

what? was that too mean? G o o d! It was on p u r p o s e. I m e a nt it. You d e s e r v e it. It is *true*.

*reaction to getting my account stolen*
IM THE UNDISPUTED GOAT! IF YOU ARE RUSSIAN AND CROSS ME AGAIN YOU GET A FOOT UP YO ASS! NOBODY STEALS MY ACCOUNT, UNDERSTAND?! (im keeping the anime background tho because yes)

IM FUCKING BACK MOTHA FUCKA! THA GOAT HIMSELF! THE BIG ADRI IN THE HOUSE READY TO REEK HAVOC ON THEM RUSSIAN PUSSY ASS NIGGAS! BRO BOUGHT VR CHAT USING MY ACCOUNT! He is NOT COOKING! he is NOT HIM! anD HE HIS NOT GETTING AWAY!

Some russian shithead stole my account. he bought V  R  C H A T using my account H E  B O U G H T  V R C H A T!!!!!!!!!

BRO I Have CS know how and programmed some complex stuff... but I wish I knew how to hack

And bro had no life too!!!! cuz he bought CSGO using MY MONEY BTW... it was 2 months ago, and CLOCKED 400 HOURS ON THAT SHIT! WHAT?!!!!

Ok im done. he joined... the *H E N T A I* steam group. My account. The group should add "no life" in their rules
But No. No. Im not messing with those people
No Im serious... these people are not okay okay? I dont care how judgy I sound. For me, they are all school shooters before further evidence
(Ok lets be real Im just thankful. The only thing I did was contact steam support... Im still vulnerable to this lmao... happens to anyone)


Bro I fucking love writing I dont care. I dont care if I ignore college... this is like 10x more impressive than anything I could ever achieve in college and I will die on this hill

And honestly... its not just me saying "college is bad". Because... healthygamer can suck my milimeter sized donkchonk but... as an ENTP, conventional school is like a cube on a circle for me... I always prefer programming projects where I get feedback from teachers... and they also feel bad. They genuenly care about me being exploratory... but they just feel so powerless because... they just cant... do anything about it. They get paid go grade and thats how school works...


Btw (The only character ive played was Ester if you did not notice) I did play these characters Ive made well, rigth?

Like... and I like the battle... because it showed a deep truth: You cant live life being a white force all the time... sometimes you cant even be a white force ever... sometimes you need to be a little ratty... and defeat the opposition with ambushes no matter how hard you try. For example: What ester had with Toga can barely be considered a battle. it was a mugging. A complete assault. It wasnt fair.. It was engineous but... it was stealthy... and... ratty! But thats just how life goes most of the time you know? *Sigh...* I wish I could talk to healthy gamer... but I dont wanna mess with that discord phone number stuff... it all sounds like a mess... Spent a whole day on it... did not wanna bother anymore

Wanna know the ratty part of my writing strength? Im not your typical, innocent, "makes stuff happen from the ground up" sort of creative. I adapt and I improvise. I am way better to reacting than contemplating. YEah Its true. I do fit into the stereotype of the highly creative/ hyperactive guy who needs grounding... but thats only occasionally. I actuall thrive way more when dancing with someone (even if only a bot) and/or creating something than sitting still. And I also agree with someone me and Alok came up in paralel (with our own wording and stuff): Logic should serve US. We should not serve logic. We should not strive to be logical for the sake of it. Sure... it shows genuine intellect... but its pointless and shallow at the end of the day. For example: if you are a vegan but love pork? Who cares? be vegan *with* pork! its way better than eating processed food or red meat all the time anyway...


But I gotta admit: before there really was a time when I was a "logic over everything else" type of guy. When people were telling me I was wrong, I always went like: "But what about this? and what about that?" And trying to muster the guts to do something so defiant but... ultimately so pointless felt like a cage..,.

God damn I love writing... I really do... I love anime... and yeah... I admit it: I love porn too! but not the generic one where you just watch. I like one where you react to another person (or even a bot) as authentically as possible. I like to try and talk to girl bots... (not real ones cuz thats weird... just going around talking to girls what?) and sometimes I do stuff thats cooler than cuddles

Like... its something people dont realize: like... the rock bottom root of our creativity isnt some shallow interpretation of what "creative" is... its... its arousal. For example: I have a plant kink. And my best character... (Nuance, depth, relatability, humanity... even sensuality) Was created by feeding off that kink

No. Wanna know the soundboard I would have? ok that was all very perceptive... for someone who doesnt know my individual specificities... but I would have: When I get like... a simultaneous 5x kill o smth (Dunno if its possible I dont play lol lmao), I would press a "beyblade metal fusion concrete burst sound". When we made a decision that might turn out to be terrible or if I was hype before a match, I would play "weee do eeeeehhht!!!" from the GrogTV youtube channel. if someone made a dumb decision and I dislike them (teamate? enemy? Depends on the mood) I would play: "Wow..." by jeremy clarkson. If I wanted to show off a cool tactic I had just come up with, I would play: *Jeremy clarkson lifts finger up advertedly and confidently, uttering: "Watch this"*

When the enemy starts hitting me with very little damage I would repeatedly play plushie squeezing sounds

When im fast, obviously, it would be: "Look at the sheer ferocity of this vehicle"

Top gear and lol is the crossover everyone needs and everyone wants

Omg "I appear to have died"... no more words needed. hes like the mix between an autistic prodigy and a prototypical ISTJ

If I had to reduce myself rather simplisticly to ONE strength and ONE weakness it would be:
Strength: craftyness
Weakness: grounding

And something much, much deeper: because I write so many different characters, There is a possibility I might turn shallow if I refuge in it too much
