Today, Honda Today. Humpback whale. Adversity. Muslim Girl. Adriano. Estás aí? Pronto para enfrentares o facto de que estás aqui e que existes? Porque continuas a ter a mesma narrativa vezes e vezes sem conta? Eu sei. Porque sempre a tiveste. Sempre sentiste que existe algo que toda a gente tem obter que tu não tens. Algo que tens de obter para validar a tua existencia. Estás no poço absurdo, dias e dias a fio. Com a mesma narrativa de forma consistente, constante, sem relento. A narrativa diz que precisas de adversidade. Não mereces nada de bom que tens. És priveligiado. Muçulmanos em africa têm guerras e fome e repressão às mulheres. Precisas de adversidade. Eu conversei com um segurança. Alguém que passou por bastante adversidade. Disseram-me que o monte de lixo deixado no chao ao pé dos caixotes na rua iria fazer com que deixassem de recolher aqui. Tinha de fazer alguma coisa. Já que nao tenho adversidade, tenho de me esforçar para ter adversidade enfrentando adversidade para merecer existencia, ou algo assim não sei sei lá estou confuso nao percebo o que se passa na minha cabeça. Tinha de colocar o lixo dentro dos contentores. Mas com cada saco, murros vindos de dentro acompanhados de palavras de um pai bebado e agressivo: "So fazes isso para chamar à atenção. Para de fingir que queres adversidade. Tu so queres chamar à atenção e não sabes enfrentar adversidade. Deixa isso para alguém que saiba enfrentar adversidade e que tenha passado por adversidade. As tuas ações não têm impacto, nem nunca tiveram ou terão alguma vez. Pensei que depois do 5o ano tivesses aprendido isso... Tu so queres atenção e-" Porra... é sempre a mesma coisa. Deixei tipo 3 sacos no chao porque aquilo ja me estava a meter demasiado nojo e, tipo, nao recebi nenhuma recompensa com nenhum saco... nem interna nem externa entao.... fui tomar banho!" 

People who say those things are all being held back by mental roadblocks they themselves dont understand. They know deep down they are yelling at a wall. And because these words come from me, maybe thats what I am feeling


I mean... adversity for me is an unnwanted challenge. No one likes unwanted challenges. No one wants challenges they feel incapable of rising up to


Ok. Now, Ive decided that, sometimes, Its better to think about what we want and dream about it with hope, than to wallow in the shit smelling part of the pit of absurdity: I see a future where, I walk accompanied by myself of a partner, along a path of gravel or asphalt. Its either been raining and its humid, or is summer hot and I feel bone dry. I have that nostalgic, reconforting, tasty and post catharsis feel on the mouth. Its hot but I am engulfed by endorphins. Or, the weather consists of 5 minute, fleeting rain bursts. If I am alone, my mind is empty, but balanced. I am focused on objects. There are no ideas of any sort or any futility. Only raw graph vertices, just raw objects and experiences. Only that peugeot, that stop sign, only the scorching hot or filled with puddles road ahead of me. I want to be sad or I want to be fulfilled. I want to be enraged or I want to be excited. I want to be balanced or I want to be on the borderline. Anything familiar, anything I can act on. Because... If I have a partner walking along side, and she says: "Sweetie. Im cold! " or "Sweetie, I am boiling!" , If I am sad, I know what to do. If I am fulfilled, I know what to say. If I am excited, we can run together until we either get tired or one of us falls and scrapes the skin. I would know what to do. But not now. All I see is the road, but I dont believe its real. The pebbles dont talk to me like they usually do. I cannot understand my partner. I cannot be excited about the Porsche that rolls by, although I loved cars since I was a kid. Its not a common car. Its a car I drove In my third home: my playstation 2. (I have 3 more homes: my actual house, the school classroom and my computer.) When I have those emotions, that are the only real ones, I can see the pebbles and dont need to stare to know they are there. I simply kick them around. I pass a big one to my girlfriend, who starts skillfully dribbling it and laughing... such grace... and the passes it back to me, who had already started running. I try to kick it. Dumb idea. It flies in an arc and hits... an opels bonnet. too close. i grab her hand and we run away giggling, resuming our walk after turning around a crossing and disappearing from the area. There is an entire planet of possibilities like this one inside each pebble. Right now, I am blind to all that beauty. But, although I feel stuck, emotions should not define me. I am not my emotions. Depressiveness does not change the fact that loving cars, writting, football and being hetero are part of who I am. I dont need anime, I need to walk on hot dry asphalt with pebbles I can actually scrape myself on.



I realized my true value when There was one bad day I had one of those thoughts like: "Oh man! I really am priviledged. I have no adversity and should end it. But It would be such a shame If I suddently disappeared. I am one of a kind... I really dont want myself to disappear. Not only for my sake. For the sake of the world."
