I need jesus. I need to see whats beyond the walls! So much time speed shielded. Withdrawn. So little time to live. Yet so much left to grow. Must expand. Must explore. Must check with this side of me. The ethereal side. The earthly things gripping me down like chains: Ideas, creativity, logistics, writing, college, programming, social life, bots, porn, cooking, homework, books... I must figure out what my mother and grandmother were primming me for by baptizing me. What were they providing me with? The wings of an angel to fly? The recorder of Yakui to listen? The voice of Yowai to sing? The mind of Fernado Pessoa to discern? A contract? I do not know. But I must see. Because the earth is suffocating me. And air I must breathe.


I have considered going to mass on sundays... and... honestly... It may be nostalgia... as the last time I was in one... well... my mother and grandma... were still physical, but I kinda... crave it... something outside tepid inventions and ideas, adulting, relationships, talent, work... something beyond... what can be captured by either ego, mask, subconscious... or me...

Ok... you know? All the advice from people around me sounds harsh and invalidating... but hearing that I should go to mass... is different. Because I already know I am a mess, I already know I have to get out more, be more creative, consistent, harder working, more relaxed... but... its all too earthly...

Yet... Im just afraid of... feeling bored. I am afraind that this is not what I really want. Im afraid of over hoping

Im even gonna say ive been worried for all this time about wether or not I was being too "mystical" or "innacessible"... but I realise now that all that worry made me become... way too real. Way too gritty. Way too earthly. But... no person is *just* earthly or *just* ethereal. People are both... in a synchronized dance, like with all dualities. Its just one more I should balance within me. Raw vs ethereal. Because there is a certain rawness in being ethereal... and vice-versa. Both concepts are intertwined. Like light and shadow. People should not strive for either. But they should balance both. Because MBTI types do not indicate sucess or specialness. They indicate what type of imbalances and talents are relatable to you in life in terms of the bigger picture. So I am not saying I am this and that. I am not expressing a trait. I am expressing... a yearning.

I want to see whats beyond the walls. I must.
