Hero cs 1.6 ideas:

1- Ester- hero: NEUROBLAST! - "Okay. YOURE ALL DEAD NOW!" Fire multiple, deadly, psychic beams at people who wronged (damaged) you during the round. 
The damage will come directly from your hp and drain your hp and your targets' simultaneously at a fixed rate. (It will be like multiple little hits machine gun fast)

By the way... esters thing ALWAYS does the damage. there is no precision. You press the button and players suffer damage. There is no hitscan, no projectiles, no nothing
Ok... I like the idea... so I dont wanna balance it. Do you know what happens to cool concepts I dont wanna balance? Just slap em with an admin only restrictiona and its *Okay emoji*

By the way... I can make it so that you can only use it once per Plugin Init (I.e. per map) and the targets she accumulates are throughout the whole map

2- Adriano- Hero: Nuanced pep-talk- "Give your mates a nunanced pep talk. Sentences like: " "So... all night you cry louder? Maybe now its time to SCREAM YOUR LUNGS OUT FOR ONCE! SO GO GET 'EM!"
Either: "heal everyone in a radius or give those same players temporary yowai mode/inversed yowai mode (Immune to big shots, vulnerable to smallies)"

3- Roberto carlos: Hero: "PARTIU PA BOMBA EEEE GOLAAAAAÇOOOOOOO!!" "Shoot a football incredibly fast that knocks players hit by it back ALOT. The farther it hits the more knockback."


(Not hero ideas)

*Snooker onomatopeiaie*
Examples:

TI-KA-PAW!- Really strong pot

Tooooo.... ke...... *...* - gentle pot.

To-ke......*...*- mid pot (like a classical "black from the spot")

to-ke-poff - firm pot. (Like a classical "blue from its spot")

TO..... KE-BLAM!- A really long distance pot (Like a red pot with the red closer to the hole than the cue ball)

By the way... esters thing ALWAYS does the damage. there is no precision. You press the button and players suffer damage. There is no hitscan, no projectiles, no nothing
Ok... I like the idea... so I dont wanna balance it. Do you know what happens to cool concepts I dont wanna balance? Just slap em with an admin only restrictiona and its *Okay emoji*

By the way... I can make it so that you can only use it once per Plugin Init (I.e. per map) and the targets she accumulates are throughout the whole map


The next hero I will add is called: "Selfless Yandere". She is angry, selfless, silly, femcel and she LOATHES loneliness. What she does is: She keeps the difference "teamates alive-teamates dead" at all times. She has 2 passive abilities: Angry and healer: (basically 2 threads running): The smaller that difference is, the angrier she is, and the higher it is, the more healer she is. She is always both. Except... when she has no teamates alive, time when she is always angry. When she is healer, any damage she takes heals teamates, due to "Admiration for her rawness". Also, when she is within the same radius that triggers the former, she receives less damage overall and runs faster. When she is angry, (She is always this one), she runs faster and deals more damage. When she has teamates alive, her healer effects go up and her angry effects go down the more teamates she has alive (and vice versa), but... when all teamates die, she gets ULTRA Angry, and when out of things to do "Not shooting/getting hit" for a long time, she starts glowing red and utters "hiss.... hissss.... Hisssss..." passively through global chat, and gets health drained slowly



A hero called komak the maid:

- No hitzone in the left arm
- per each consecutive hit, Komak's reload and firing speed increase up to a maximum

A hero made based on myself:

- "Hyped by adversity/suffering":
- A hero called Adriano:
- Per each damage dealt by teamates that surround him within a radius, his movement speed sometimes increases, accumulating "HELL YEA!" Points.
- These points are spent when dying (go to zero) Or when hitting a teamate in the back with the melee (COME ON BRO!) When he does a "Come on BRO!",
The teamates movement speed temporarly increases by 100, he is healed by 100 and the Adriano user loses 100 points of speed.



You know when you buy this new shiny set of legos, its your favourite thing ever, you mull over it at lunch, you finish homework, you finish obligations, and then it comes with like 14 missing pieces? And then you have to order the pieces online? But then they wont come within 2 weeks from that moment and they only likely arrive completly outside your day off or weekend? And so you fear you might not even care about the legos at that time? And now you just assembled almost the entire thing, theres legos everywhere... you spent 2 hours confused and telling your family "Wait a little more... im busy" just to figure out that the pieces were missing the whole time? Thats tomoko




Hero idea: Leyla.

Simple concept: Unlimited max money. Can Donate money to teamates.


Writing idea: Leyla drives an old Alpine A110. She loves it.






Hero idea: lara.

Clueless hunter.

I dont know much of what Im gonna do with her yet... but one thing is for certain: She will get a spear gun. Im gonna make a spear gun for lara

DONE!


Now... a hero with a soccerball... ROBERTO CARLOS!

Just snatch the soul out of the Yoda code and here! We! Land bro!

Pedro... glaring at you and uttering while maintaining the scariest aura you can possibly conceive: "What? Is that hard to realize? is that a good take? No. Its not a good take. Its expected. It should be expected for you to understand. Expected! Obvious! Its common sense! Its not ground breaking. Its not original! Understand? Expected! It should have been born with you already! What are you? Deficient? Are you dumb? You should have been at least 10 steps ahead of that!"