A question: How much should ENTPs mourn? Because... after dodging like 5 mega bullets in the form of 5 non-actually important folders being destroyed in that incident... after the following nights nightmare... of old insecurities "Coming back", Ive never felt this vulnerable. But... spending more than 5 minutes reflecting makes me feel like self strangling, staying in bed and thinking makes me rot, sweat, my mouth dry with anxiety.

Ill do it now then: I felt like I dodged 5 bombs. The nightmare brought me back the memory of my old highschool crush. This person was a girl. I struggled to cope when arriving in school in 10th grade... everyone compared me to her. And I wanted to see her as more than just an opponent people compare me to. I wanted to befriend her. I did not want to feel like I "admired" her. I wanted to feel closer. She felt stable, she felt nice, she felt secure. So I began imitating her. I began *loving* her. When I faltered during covid, I lost my mind, I lost it to my own demons. I began convincing myself that I had to, even if only metaphorically, submit, as some kind of punishment. But... in modern day, I never felt a bigger urge to submit. After trying so hard to hang on to so much data... *sigh...* it all must have been just dead wood in my branches. because... I actually felt... oddly glad it was all gone. It was all gone. I no longer had to protect anything. But the fact that NONE of it was important... makes me feel oddly regretful that it wasnt. It should have been important. Even if just a part of it. Because sometimes... feeling lucky feels oddly cruel... like God playing a sick game with me and you. It makes me feel like if I actually lost stuff, I would not be able to take it... I would just be too weak so god just "spared" me. it makes me feel so pathetic talking about this like its some family member. Because... it is a family member. 

"Pai nosso que estas no ceu. Santificado seja o teu nome. Venha a nos o teu reino. Seja feita a tua vontade. Assim na terra como no ceu. O pao nosso de cada dia? Da-lo-nos hoje. Perdoa a nossa complacencia e impaciencia, assim como esperamos que o proximo se levante do seu proprio poço de desespero, quem nos magoa, quem nos desilude. Nao nos deixe magoar de volta, esqueçer de volta, irar com a futilidade. E por favor... continua a ser bom para nos. Continua a poupar-nos. Por favor"

We are all small and frail like sandcastles. We all crumble with the faintest whims of His might. We should be grateful. We should be grateful because He is mercyful. He may be clumsy and He may be a bit airheaded. But he cares. and He gives. And He... forgives.

Broken... ambulance sirens buzzing... news outlets going bananas as people scramble to put themselves together. That is my feeling. In the morning after the nuclear strike, homes are left made of literal dust, and people made of galvanized bloodcells and skin particlets spread all over the desintegrated ruble. The sun subtly shines through broken glass and ionized plants, animals finally having a chance to thrive. Mourning civilians and children leave the premisses of the target... as the government struggles to console the weeping spirit of its masses.


In a world where some people live in places where it rains bombs every day, where their bodies are pushed to their limits without consent... where they grow up in an environment full of indifference... God still lets us still plug in a USB device... and, to his tragedy, to his neglect and to his pity, gives our souls to *it* instead

As the ambulance tends to the sick, bankers and accountants calculate the damages, surveys are conducted and medics around the world study new mutations, unrequited change ravages the city and its surroundings... as children find themselves having to grow in a new found need for resilience. A new source of water. A new source of nourishment. New friends... as several of them are gone except them.

Bombs are our pills of renewal. Rockets are our syringes against futility. They remind us that, beneath all the excitement and all the sadness and loneliness, we are all... mortal. It takes so much out of us to build what matters. But our stupidity and the wrath of lady Luck herself will destroy it in a flash... wether we request it or not. Wether we die or not is not up to us. But to destiny.

I feel... Broken... but in maintenance.

What can I do? while you are alive, you have alive person problems. So those dont go away... by... you know the drill