I lay in bed... in the dark. I just woke up. Its 7pm. The air is of the cold december variety. The wind echoes through the gaps in the architecture outside. the covers firmly occlude my face, as I grip tightly to them. The muscles are shivering in cold sweat. My nerves tingling as if under threat. My brain filled with vague, mushy vapor of regret. My first computer was a small acer. I did everything in that thing. It had a single core 1.6ghz cpu, no ventilation, a screen that rivals that of a tablet. It was given to me in 2011. it cost 150 euros in a worten store. I kept it for 6 years. I gamed on it, I did research, I did playful browsing, I laughed to gaming/meme channels on it. I gloomed with commentary youtubers. I conspired with youtube drama. I hit it multiple times from frustration. When It ran well, it displayed a blue light on the power button. When it wasnt able to boot, it was an orange light. I loved it.

Its currently the christmas season in Portugal, a primarly christian country. Everyone buys presents, visits their family after a hard worked lective year of college/highschool/middleschool... so they visit them with something... important to show for it. Some succeed... some comeback disappointed but with some uplifting emotions remaining, as they had no regrets. Some are parents coming from work stints at famous companies. Others not so famous. But they always come back, and when they do, no one ends up disappointed. Couples travel the streets... free from burdens they fred themselves from through conformity, others revolutionised their niches. Others... just hang on... one more year.  Others... like me... they stay in the limbo. Not heading anywhere in particular... leaving directly off validation, perfectionism and an almost zombie-like obcession with creating just one more project, articulating just one more emotion, showcasing just a bit more of themselves. I live for the art. For the beauty. But... I did not do college. I left it behind... and let the crippling guilt power me through projects, always with the belief that, to remain worthy of my loved ones' trust and support, I just "Had to get it done" at "any cost" and "all means necessary". So... I skipped countless nights of sleep to finish projects, I neglected my duties as a college student, I lived in the fringes for a whole year.

But... when my computer was in a really bad shape, it was... when its powerbutton led was... purple. It was a bright violet color. The underside of it was hotter than my palms in the summer, the cooling fan ran like a sprinter in the tour de france... and the sound it made... was akin to a hurricane... in a cup of water. It sounded eerie... how well it ran... yet how hot it was. The screen's colors were ultra saturated. With every document I opened simultaneously, it got almost twice as loud... then... when I decided to open a game, it... turned off. When I turned it back on, the light was red.

I am very in touch with my inner sensations and can evaluate my overall shape using my instincts alone pretty accurately, Feeling it in my breath, the energy in my gut, the speed of the thoughts of my mind... the reactions I get to things... how well I filter through them to decide how I act... I feel it all. For me, I give colors to different things: Happy is green, in the zone, is a deep red. Hype is a baby yellow color. Pink is lust. Anger is a bright red. When sad... the whole world is tinged in a baby blue... and it smells like grass. Like its raining. When Im fine... I am a bright, deep, digitalized blue. I feel fresh and I feel responsive, like I care about every issue, yet I can almost decide how I intepret it, just-in-time reflection.

But... when I hide my issues for too long, when I keep too much garbage inside my consciousness... when I dont open up... Over time, it wears me down. I become... gradually more unstable, I become sadder when sad, Happier when happy. Overall... people start getting warier of me. When I am purple... I feel... so much guilt... so much dread of dying... I picture myself in prison, comitting crimes, I picture myself disappointing the people I love the most... over... and over... and over... and over... and over again. Sometimes multiple times in the same hour. But when I am interrupted, I get up in a twiching rush, dark under eyes and messy hair and greet them with such a forced smile: "HIIII!!! HOW ARE YOU DOING? LONG TIME NO SEE!!!!!" "Are... you ok-" "YEAH!" "..." "..." "..." "...Okay then... see you ar-" "SEEE YA!!!! *smiles from ear to ear*" "Wow... he is always so uplifted all the time..."

its christmas time... and college is practically over. I completed no exams, I earned no college credits, my mental state got worse, the disappointment people will feel only increased and I have nothing they care about to show for it.
Every day, I fight for my individuation. Swallowing the guilt to explore my creativity. When the air has no wind resistance... I always wondered how it would be like. And I get more fluid, I get faster and sharper... without the groggy weights of obligation slowing me down. I gotta push it... if I want to show myself how much I am really worth. I gotta explore the most creative parts of me... the more interesting ones.
I cannot conform, as that is weakness. That is fear. But... I dont conform... and I do interesting ones. yet... I never felt so afraid in my life. I never felt so doubtful... so dead inside... so stuck. So twichy. So unstable. yet.... when I am at my computer creating things using my biggest assets: Words and symbolic reasoning, I feel alive. I feel my best self. I feel like I actually matter. So I decided: This is my life. And How I will lose it. I will live for my creativity and nothing else. And people wont understand. But that wont matter. If I create... more... and more... and more... people will "just see it eventually, right?" So I wont ask for help. I dont need it. They just need to see my cool stuff. My cool thoughts. My cool inventions and creations.
But thats not the reason I dont come back to them... with the tail between my legs, as I am destined to and how I am ought to, no.
Its because I left too much potential for them on the table. I disappointed them, I lived too authentically. I neglected my need for balance and now they will make me pay. They will make me pay for the sin of unchecked lust for creation.
They will punish me for playing with my toys for too long instead of doing the dishes... like a 22 year old kid. They will run me off the college residence and I will die on the streets from hunger.
But I cannot allow that to happen. So... just like Hitler in his last stand, I scream at whoever disappointed me... while I create relentlessly to fill up the guilt that wont go away, that corrodes me... like tap water on old, roman lead piping.
So... Ive decided: This year... I wont come home for christmas. I just wanted to create... alone. So now the walls are too tall... they are too strong. And they are suffocating me. 

Walking the streets alone... in a cold, december night with christmas haunting me as it closes behind me, as it chases me, I let the cold seep into my pores, the humidity corrode my already jittery joints... I hide my sleep deprived and dazed face of guilt and shame and weakness. I always knew I wasnt wanted. And... even in christmas, I will get the punishment I deserve. I cant run away from anything anymore. Life must feel heavy. Life, for people like me, simply must entail existential dread. I must suffer. Suffer, I say!. Suffer endlessly until youre absolved of all your sins, guilt... and essence.

I like the perfect girls. The girls who study relentlessly for the sake of either family or goals. The boys who are smart and do the same. I cant be like them. I can only be functional while in the zone. People out of touch with the educational system are impressed enough. But people who know what they are doing know that I am a fraud. I dont stand a chance. they know I should just roll over and die on the side of a road... while starving to death after endless nights begging on the street.

A purple dot in my forehead blinking with a deafening ring... while I banter carelessly with the friends in front of me, as they avoid confronting me. The air mirrors the computer's: my lungs feel like rubber ducks you squeeze, my respiratory tracts feel like plastic/rubber tubing... the ammounts of shallow air I breathe making me indefinitely more dizzy... as I find myself lasting through just another day... with the people around me finding me so, so fascinating. The air through my lungs carries the poison of the debts I havent payed... of the creativity that no one cares about. No one cares and no one listens and no one wants to see. I breathe with an unnmasked face with the sounds of a clogged respirator. A worn down consciousness. The heavyness of pure melancholy and self loathing. The regret of a life lived too freely.

The cyclonic gusts of air leaving my traquea tubes sound akin to a living/breathing leaf blower made of meat... so hauntingly loud for those who trully care... but too afraid to talk.

Creating, at the beginning, always feels so fulfilling... like ive just eaten through a well done chicken breast together with veg, rice, veg soup and an orange. But... now... everything I create feels like bulimic vomiting. Like my throat fills to the brim with acidity when I am done. "Oh... its nothing..."


So... while that is still a far away future, I create. I use every ounce in my body to turn my whole self into art. I am art. I breathe art. I breath creation. I must do this so I deserve a house within the borders of this nation. I must do this so I deserve to live. I must earn the right to live. Thats how life works. I must do what they want so they give me just one more meal. Just one more day under an actual roof. I must keep going... until I am so spent, I collaps in front of my computer, they come banging on my door at 4 am, and tell me: "Its time." So then... I accept my future. without even turning off my computer, I go with them, with them leading me outside. And when They close the door behind me... I decide...



This year... I wont come back for  christmas-