Okay. New day. Im ready to embark on my journey of cultivating a Non-talent-dependent mindset. The shift lies in switching  "Am I good?" statements to "How do I win?" questions. Everyone is good in some way. But teenagehood is over. Ive outgrown focus on pure potential and giftedness. Ive explored my sensual and spontaneous side. But its time to grow a spine. The shift lies in finding out what you want to achieve, not necessarly in a general life-scale sense, but in each craft, little by little. Ive found that my own style thrives on flow. But between pouring water and a powerful, small-nozzled, squirt gun, "flow" can be seen very differently. I must own my flow... as ive hit a deadlock. If I keep going as is, nothing I write will transmit anything fundamentally new. if I keep obcessing over detail, nuance and complexity over anything else, it will just, ironically, get noisier, noiser and noiser...  Finding out "How do I win?" Lies in being strategic. Using even the rulebook itself (based on what requirements are) to fuel your thought process. But... for the immediate future, I will step back from writing a bit and focus on other endeavours, like C programming, AMX MOD X programming (or even do some quick math demos... Im also into that) or, if even that is too draining, learn how to *rest*. *trully rest*. No youtube. No internet. Not even "Fulfilling creations". Maybe some light music, a light walk. No "Running to the flow of music". Just... observing. Its sunny. Lets meet new people. lets interact with the real world a bit. Feel the pebbles beneath the gravel I step on... hear it ruffle as I drag my feet slightly along with every stride. because... obcession will have to eventually come. But stepping back is also necessary. I may feel like I am saying this because I feel intimidated, but its still important to rest, no matter how eager you are. Even F1 drivers... who practice arguably the most alien and outstanding sport in modern culture, indulge in banter and what not.