I found out something really profound: I self harm. Ive been self harmning since like 8th grade. Ive been looking at the silly boy club subreddit, which is frequented by people who, temporarly or chronically, are affected by mental illnesses/unwellness/wounds. They usually produce anime inspired pictured memes with really heavy captions (usually about suicidality/existential sludge/melancholy/hopelessness in love/gender dysphoria/any other suffering from the head) that are also heavly euphemised with gaming/anime/internet slang terms and it serves as a gateway and solace for many people and growing fast. I stumbled across it a few months ago when I was feeling pretty "silly" myself, so to speak and the posts were either relatable, funny and/or struck a really deep cord with me very consistently. I allways looked at the posts like: "Why do I look at these so much? Im not like these people... I cant relate to self harm in any way... Im too healthy for this sub. And sometimes, in short bursts, that actually seemed pretty accurate. I wrote (at the standards of the sub at least, as I put alot of my own voice into them, metaphorically) very unconventional posts there that were meant to be genuenly supportive. But I also had an ego and avoided butting in business that I could not help people with. I used to feel pretty bad about it. Anyway... but I was allways like: "Im not like them... so... why so personal?" But it was personal. Because... I have this thing where I feel angry if I cant think with the quality that I enjoy or explain things easly to people or have really good conversations / be perceptive/ make good jokes, etc. But, while that was happpening, since 8th grade, I slept badly, I watched junk on the internet, did not rest, actively pushed myself into challenges that I simply could not do, but that were not like beating CR7 in soccer for example  they were "easy" enough for me to feel utterly defeated and then reminded myself of them over, and over, and over again. Then, I sometimes skipped meds because, according to me at the time I "felt like it" even though I knew in the flesh how important they were, so I was hammering at my consciousness and mind. I skipped sleep for no reason so I was also hammering at the body. My fun/work relationship was also attacked and is currently very, very unbalanced. Because I Either completly neglected fun and hobbies or did not do anything else but that with no grey area. All this created a really jarring and tough wall that is very impermeable to the fluid of my soul between my shadow and my light. And also actively drowned myself in and fixidly went after futile, shallow, internet garbage that was really trash for me specifically. I am "like those people". Because I feel like I need to do this so my brain does not say stuff like: "lifes too easy. Something is VERY wrong!" "you dont have enough adversity" "All you do is say dumb insecure shit" and the last one is just mindblowing becausd I only think at tip top condition precisely when I basically dont treat myself like garbage for no reason. What is "for no reason?" Dont know yet. And I also had to find this out after having two sleepless nights inside 3 days for a second time in my life and both times being inside this month. And then... I wanna be real and smart like the people in sillyboyclub too! "But duuuuuuuuude!!!! Sleeping nothing will not give you any IQ points thats for sure! Sleeping less just makes you less restrained! Like a machinegun with no overheating safety! It does not make you "real", or "cool", or "dread", or any dumb crap like that. It just makes you have more out of control thoughts, open up more easly, because you have no brakes and because volume is larger, the absolute number of quality thoughts (like this one) is also bigger!" I know its just cope... I absolutely know it solves nothing... but how do I... stop?

(Reply to silly girl quiz in silly girl club)

Wow... you really made this yourself... its pretty cool. What program/thing did you make it with? I got the craving silly girl. Im a male but we all have silly inside. If silly boy club is pokemon, this is digimon! Same concept, different actual rules. Lets all be silly!

edit: made it better
edit edit: this comment. i made this comment better with the edit before. And this one. you get it


I suggest saying that for maximum fun, people should know to answer ASSUMING they already are in a silly phase. Dont answer like you are right now. And add some no answers because not everyones self awareness ability is the same and they might not even know the answer inside an hour, you know? I assume you use some points and then do some average right? If they choose the "no answer"  just dont count it. But in the end its original and shows creativity and dedication! Make more! Its good for you!

societies rules should not stop me because they were made up by other people
