Hey, I went on a walk after my last message and I discovered some things about myself. For example, I encountered an example of reprojecting. I will continue after I stop this.

It's because I have ADHD and I am a creative person. I like doing creative things like programming and writing, as you can see, and I love just being in the zone and feeling like I am, quote-unquote, my words cooking for a family, just performing really well, solving problems, or when I'm in the middle of a confusion that I feel will lead me to good things. And I don't want, like, to interrupt people because it feels like it's a bit like when I am interrupted. I feel like I'm inconveniencing people a lot and, like, it's me projecting my fears, basically, my tendencies to people.


Ok I think I now understand why I watch youtubers like "HITC Sevens", "CJ Dachamp", "Daily Dose Of Football" and "LucasTracyMMA": Sure, they are funny. Sure, the stuff they talk about is interesting. Sure they are insightful and nuanced. But. The connection I feel for them mainly stems from the fact that I have suconsciously, throughout all this time, taken inspiration from them. The structure and dialogue I use in my descriptions of characters comes mostly from them. The reason I admire them, reveer them and strive to become just like them isnt only because they are inventive. Because... when we look at the average, in terms of raw, speced out, isolated inventiveness, adaptibility and nuance. Once again: Isolated, specced out and raw,  its almost impossible to get to me. BUT... as with everything in life, there have to be things you have no other way of getting but from other people. And it will happen sooner or later: wether you begrudgingly respect them, love them, fanboy them or find them inspiring. From CJ Dachamp's matter of fact meets flair style, HITC Seven's mix of unflinching callousness with deep empathy and insight to LucasTracy's flowy yet deeply resonant MMA breakdowns, Ive taken a piece of them and they all have something in common: They all began as inventive and blunt, but are gradually growing compassionate and slightly more structured. Polished. And I often imagine myself in the same journey as them. When I suddently found myself dug deep into this specific niche of people who share my way of thinking, For the first time, I was not watching someone because of a one-hit-wonder video or because I felt peer pressured to watch something "To self-improve" or "fix" myself. I genuenly respect them and see myself in them. And I want to honor the things they have given me.

Ive learned that, a talent I have that Ive been overlooking is my ability to unconsciously grasp how to choreograph technical movements. For example: In Highschool, when sprinting, I was always able to keep up with more athletic, but sloppier kids due to having better technique, applying and internalizing it more effectively. Also... a few months ago, I was at home, during one of my zone-induced, hyperactive dancing/thought sprees... and in the middle of it, presumably because Ive watched lots of MMA, my subconscious marinated the world of martial arts with so much flavour and spice and because Ive had previous attempts at writing stories where characters fight eachother, as well as watching other people write similar things, I was able to accurately mimick a straight punch. And then... now in a different place... in another hyperactive, almost sensual, dancing spree, I managed to, very accurately, choreograph a dempsey roll... due to how much I was enjoying reading Hajime no Ippo.
And currently, and the reason Ive written this insight (Oh... and also in highschool, after only like 3 actual attempts, having thought before that I just wasnt capable of doing it, I nailed down a cartwheel. And Im able to do it consistently. And, in the summer break from the second year of highschool to the third, Ive met a 9 year old french-born contest-level gymnast and her mother, where Ive learned, with only like... 20 something attempts, (I did not count them, its just how it felt), how to do a front cartwheel! (Its kinda hard and you need to commit. Also not attempt too many at once, as you will get very queasy. By the way: A way to keep yourself from throwing up while queasy from motion sickness is to *slowly* tone down sudden movements. Dont *just* lay down or *just* stop walking. After riding a bike, park it and walk slowly... you get what I mean) And Ive learned pretty quickly that, just because the sand is softer than asphalt or concrete, it doesnt mean that performing acrobatic gymnast moves is easier. its actually, substantially more physically demanding. Because the sand caves in and you lose footing while  your arms temporarly hold your weight above your head. Anyways.
Currently, I learned the intuition for firing a gun! (Which was, once, ONCE again, due to a period of loads of intrinsic desire to do it, and a rush of inspiration after watching someone fire a gun for like the 100th time). The key is that you need to keep your body positioned in a way such as to cancel out the force of the gun firing as much as possible. I grasped handguns, particularly: When shooting one handed, you keep your arm as STRAIGHT as possible as well as your WRIST.  your shoulders are in the same line as your arm, wrist and the direction you want to shoot the gun. also widen your stance a bit (You can adjust for your liking) (Btw I never touched or got anywhere near a gun) (I got the idea for the stance from riding the metro standing up). and when shooting with both hands. bring your shoulders forward as much as possible (To make them the least ammount of "perpendicular" to the aim vector of the gun as possible) Put one leg behind the other, but also a bit wide, with one foot pointing outward... (these little details come with experience and familiarising with the guns you own or are supplied) and then keep both your arms and wrists as straigth as possible. But dont get too stiff your you may harm yourself and shift the focus away from the aiming.

I think its odd that someone like me: who, for most of their lives, insisted that they were Intellectual in nature, has high kinesthetic intelligence. I actually thought I was bad at it due to struggling in spatial awareness exercises (Exercises with the rotating cubes and trying to guess the one that comes next, etc)

I think I never valued my dancing ability because I often just associated it with attention and discomfort and those cliché videos Ive watched about "getting more confidence"

I also deeply understood, although the slope begins to steepen when it comes to direct implementation, how racing lines work, "U shaped", "V shaped", how the racing line reflects your personality... (Even in something detached like racing games, I havent really found my style as I play them casually, But when I choreograph myself in public, the only thing that really makes sense to me is doing "v shaped" racing lines. In my mind "The sooner you accelerate, the faster you are."

Yanderes are V shaped. Brooders are U shaped

"They look at me and see a nigga dodging, they dont know what me be doing just rolling, looking for the one they call "Ez", but here is a flash! Theyll never seize me!"

And my god... doing dempsey rolls absolutely EVISCERATES your abs!