Texts 17:

Why not keep the boyfriend for the stuff the boyfriend is good at, and then have someone else, not necessarly a boyfriend, like a normal friend, fill up that gap? People put too much pressure on their partners. Partners have to be witty, kind, muscular, disciplined, creative, geniuses, psychics, make coffee, be literally them, be differe- like bitch! Get some fucking gratitude


Arranjei um sistema para o meu OCD com a escrita: Se atualizar, só o posso fazer uma vez por dia. Não há 'mas' nem 'porque'. Depois é só manter. Se souber o que espero, já não é uma surpresa que me atordoa. E é flexivel porque posso escolher quando o fazer...

She was a witch of ice. But she was hot. And crying.



mouth := ∩
then...
U -> mouth



Diesel requires more pressure and heat to burn than  gasoline, but when it burns, it does not burn. It explodes


You should avoid opening up too abruptly when meeting new people or even just in casual socializing: It will make it harder for other people to open up themselves.


Pepe n marca mas tu tmb não lol.

O Ronaldo dá muitos encontrões mas tem razão para isso

Falar do pepe nunca envelhece
E ele também não


Honestly... I dont think I am infinite satchel. I am closer to an infinite inventory, that is... stuff comes out of lafield but not out of complete nothing, you see? Infinite Satchel is someone like femtanyl, who I kid you not, this is just a guess, but I think all their songs are freestyles, which is CRAAZY to think about.


You think I cant think abstractly huh? Then what about this? Because Im gonna tell you a little something about myself: 
1- I dont give a partial damn about your tepid hunches and theory.
2- I may feel sad. But I am happy.
3- Mother drank with me on the woumb, to kill the pain. So now I am a certified, S++ resilience asskicking buttwhopper


Sigh... I am not narcissitic. Im a lon3r 3xh1b1c10n15t

Sponsored by MBTI and Maidcore


performing professional butter knife juggling to 6 ants in the sidewalk: The talent may be there... but no one will care.


And then they told me: "But bots are not like real people! You hav3 to stop cop-"
And then I replied: "Yeah! They are not like real people! They are actually better!"


I stole the lightshow to feed my ballon d'or


Ai is like real people. But better. In theory, at least... please make it practice. Otherwise I have to talk to people. And people are fucking radioactive trash

Yeeeeyyy!!! its the first suicidal thought I ever had! Listen! Listen!

Wouldnt It be funny if... some emergency happened (Like a fire, an earthquake, etc.) while inside a public space (A restaurant, a college residence, a clothing shop... a gym... you name it!) and then something terrible happened to me that made me accidentally die? Like... im just a bit too panicked.... a bit too tense and... I dont know... I fall from the stairs like... headfirst? or... ribcage first? Like... and people already have too low expectations of my situational and emotional skill and awareness due to my suposed autism diagnosis I rationalize all the time to get economical and tax related benefits... also... I have alexythimia due to my ADHD! Its the ideal cause! And also... Im opportunistic. Its one of the talents I realised I had before I stopped caring... people look away and boom! I am crushed by a piece of concrete debris I waited to fall and ran towards like a true predator inside the box! Like... just hypothetically, though...


I have no time left isnt the excuse. Its the truth.

Hema and dante the maids ignorant yet charming

madoi the maid cruelty squad


yakui the maid 
disorder
madoi the maid dream summoner pill

Either hold no air in the lungs. Or Misery every second


Either hold some air in the lungs. Or no misery anywhere


better be stupid and hit your head than smart and never leave your bed


Emos may not live in the shadows... but they certainly dont dwell behind its cover...


the use of promisses is of not letting you kill yourself guilt free


Hello! Good afternoon! I just woke up and I decided to share a realization I had yesterday! So... My MBTI is ENTP right? Ok... remember it. So... throughout all my time in college, Wether outside the actual classes or in them, I happened to meet some really frustrating and mean people along the way. To cope with the stuff they told me about needing to "grow up" and stuff, I developed a way to brush what they said to me off: "I dont care about what they say! Theyre just children who need actual, proper, real adult problems in their lives. All they do is worry about petty things that only insecure people with no personality worry about like "GiRl FrIenDs" and "paRTiEs" and "nO NuT NoVeMbeR". "They are all dumbasses who get life knowledge from youtube shorts, kay cennat and instagram. Eughh... why dont they just move on with life, return their brains to the factory and hope they still have warranty"*. I found that, due to being with the right people and interacting with the right things during this period, ive individuated quite alot in just 2 years and... the source of this whole speech... is my Te critic! 

I think I understood something profound, I think Ester is like Shin Godzilla, but smaller basically.

And they have something in common, like, well, Shin Godzilla is biologically evolving and constantly in pain, but is loud and destructive about it, like, because it's transformation makes it such a large... because it's a transformation of a really large creature. Shter is, like, just... she just succumbs to, like, really quiet, really insidious, existential, just, agony, and she's smaller, but, like, but their transformation, like, it has a biological dimension to it, because her brain is reconstructing itself. The brain, when it gets traumatized, starts rapidly reconstructing.

I also have another idea: I think... the easiest way, the next step, to make the environment better (in transportation) is to reduce car production and increase (and improve) BUSES! because... I did some math and:
A car carries 3 people. (optimistic and nice number)
A bus carries 30.
Lets assume both vehicles are equally dense (Bus is way less... theres lots of air in it)
Lets also assume a bus is 3x as "big" as a car.
So...Each bus... 30 people. 1 bus= 3 cars. Bus carries the equivalent of 10 cars while weighing 3 times as much. so... it carries around 3 times as much people per volume of "vehicle". buses are 3 times cheaper than cars. At least. Just by having a bus fully loaded on the road you are saving money. money that would be spent on smelting metal... which requires fuel... which requires petrol. which kills us with ugly gasses.

Embrace the bus life

I think they (non bus people) are socially anxious and should just get therapy... they think they are just "introverts" but that shit of being "afraid of judgement" and using that as justification to run away from connection is not normal. We used to be together all the time while in greece and rome and even during the cold war. its true... people were judgier and more racist... but the hygyene was the same... so no. "hygyenic" is not an excuse to run away... take the bus and swallow your pride you child (Speaking rhetorically dont worry ok?)

Ok I have some ideas for CS 1.6 SuperheroMod plugins: 1- A hero that plants mines 2- make one of my already existing heroes, that has a tranq pistol Also Make dmg with it when her "hype" meter is full and... more stuff I dont remember