My relationship with my college C.S. degree be like: Yeah yeah yeah yeah Im kinda good at computerized software encoded encryption programming or whatever yeah ok sure BUT can you... leave me alone, now? So I can, maybe, vibe to weird music while dwelling inside my mind with my imaginary friends, please?

Holy fuck conhecemo-nos à praí 1 semana e tenho college... Mas sim. Também gosto da tua cara. E da tua... ameijoa... acho eu...


Btw nice thirst trap

My Pronouns:
Em Portugês: Eu, Tu, Ele, Nós, Vós, Eles. 
Em inglês: I, You, He, She, It, We, You, They 

Doença, cancro, myeloma, tuberculose, tumor, morte, demonio, solidão e desespero para todos!


Se Pessoas dedicadas podem procrastinar, então pessoas criativas podem reciclar e reutilizar. Change my mind.

Sabes que mais? No fundo, não me importo que me chamem narcissista. Sabem ainda mais? Venham todos! Todos os que duvidam que venham! Acusem-me! Digam mal! Tragam-me todos os mestres do escarnio e do cinicismo! Eu luto com eles todos! Preciso de inimigos! Rivais! Adversidade! Luta! Evoluir! Testem a força da minha essencia! É assim que se descobre! Não dizendo isto ou aquilo! Vão mandar-me ao chão e vou levantar-me! Mandam-me outra vez, e levanto-me! OUTRA VEZ? E LEVANTO-ME! POR ISSO, VENHAM DAÍ E DUVIDEM!


*Someone complains about being indirectly verbally assaulted by people they dont even know. 
Relate.
Man the internet was a mistake.
This is all wrong*
This is all rotten and broken
God... release the next extinction patch already smh
Lets all just buy C4 from the deepweb and just go out to the streets and turn everything into concrete and glass confetti.
Nah we should just start a nuclear war. God should bugfix his twisted gizmo of a universe and then reset it. And then? Well... better luck next time..

Why do I feel exausted whenever I do anything... but also sleepy whenever I have ANY kind of meal? Im so tired of being fucked over by my brain


I never feel good when saying: "Respect the GOAT" or "Respect daddy" or "Daddy works alot too" after a good performace... I feel better if I say, respectively, to replace each of the above like this: "Watch and learn!" "Believe the clutch!" "I play AND work!"




Anyways............... I wannnaaaaáaaaaaaaaaaaa.....  bang my own head at full power into white dry wall until my brain enters hibernate mode or until my skull gets enough bony shards chipped off of it, piercing/getting lodged in the scalp/skin/my brain. Then... Me... sitting down... leaning all the way forward with my legs spread out, facing the wall... a bloody vertical trail on it with the width of my face... a bony shard poking out my left temple... white and pink gunky jello everywhere, mineralized calcium shards spread all over the interior of my wallnut... blood out my ears... and me knocked out... with my limbs fully limp... my heart skipping every other beat... Shards stuck on my carotid... and lets say my memories would have to travel around some big barriers upstairs with all the bony bits intruding inside my moldy agar-neuron blob


*My reply of someone being like:*
*Omg! Sleep with plushies! 16! omg such a child*
I was like:

I need a nap after cooking meat + eggs. It exausts me. Oh! That and tepid ass """""""""""""""real adult"""""""""""""" people telling me that being an optimist is being an idiot. Im 22. I dont feel bad about """childish""" tendencies. And neither should you. Sever those rotten ass ties from your life. Tell em to go lap around the block.


I have a weird and complex opinion and relationship with narcissists... because I see them as some kind of taboo. Some kind of marginalised boiler room monstrocity in the realm of psychology. Like the black holes in physics. Some theoretical toy (in this case real life but you get the idea) A theoretical funtoy for the theorists... a dreaded possibility for practical applicants of the discipline. I see them like street drugs in chemistry. Dangerous. Seductive. Mysterious allure of something buried under blankets made of society's fabric. Thats why I like polarising politicians, schizophrenic people not so much... because their hassles the realm of perception and motivation, not emotion, identity and balanced communication... the thing that trully calls for me. And... narcissists, contrary to popular belief... no. They are not evil. They basically wave their hands around everyday trying to convince people of that too. They are wounded. Fragile though destructive. But they do suck every last bit of life essence out of you, yes. And they revel in it... which is something many end up regretting. Their emotional circuts... are alright. like feminazis, Incels, school shooters. The street drugs... of emotional darkness. The outliers. The criminals of the realm of individuation. Sinners in search of either revenge or redemption. The... emotional "losers". Oh! And also extreme conservatives. I just cannot lie any longer. It all... attracts me. Im obcessed with them.

Zombie plague cs 1.6 100% download free installer 2013

One of the things that having Fe entails is... your personal valuea are almost directly relates to the people that live around you

Reaction to a meme: "I dont know if at this point I need: "10 energy drinks, 6months of sleep, to get hit by a car or a therapist"

i replied:

"Maybe all of em. one at a time. Xept the car.
Remember: because emotions are reactions to the unexpected, it means that, by definition, any attempt at forecasting your own emotions is deluded fantasy and holding on to them is self enprisonment."

