Texts part 2

Idk... that is too existential of a question. yet it can be answered quite easly: Its the culture of this subreddit. In a goth bar, you do goth things. In a lisbon bar, you pay 7 fucking euros for a ham and cheese toastie (they only care about rich tourists), and in school, you like learning. No, no one really minds the ocasional outlier, but these microcultures help us feel structured. Which means, you come here to look for a specific thing. Like any subreddit

I want you to... go to the gym and train. Start with abs and back. Thats the basis. Then, slowly add more legs and arms. I want you to, then, enroll in a local gymnastics team. They will have you try the "cambalhota", the "roda", the "pino". If you did the training for 6 or more months, and your initial bmi was normal, You can 100% do those. Pass with flying colours. Try the sailboat. Fail. Cry in front of them. Promisse them to train your ass off. Get alot better. Try to do the "salto em poleiro" over one students back. Knock em down. Feel embarassed and hopeless. Continue for 2 years, swallowing, quietly, all tears and joy, hiding it all from other people. Do everything no matter how humiliating. One day, get surprised to a call up to a local competition. That same moment, get recognized by your humility and dedication. Get average results. Be really proud. 10 years later, you are in the olympics. Your next challenge is the iron cross. You are focused. You put on the powder and then a great show. Retire acomplished and fulfilled. Become a mentor and High school gymnastics coach. Die in a car accident while carrying the students to a competition. Be remembered in your local town forever as a hero. Die proudly. Be yourself. Dont waste time on people you depend on you for all validation. You no longer need me anymore. Goodbye, champion.


We are bags of meat, water and electricity. Somehow, it all fit together. We put on a mask of power. But all that we ever achieved happens with opportunism, luck and creativity. Why do we control? No one knows. No one knows. We live in a pebble. If a slightly smaller pebble comes our way, we are powerless. If a driver chooses not to look forward, we immediatly become bloodied ragdolls, Skipping across the street. A bag of meat has no chance against an avalanche. The delicate strucures simply disappear if the sleeping giant we live on simply changes position. We are only different if we spend our every waking second paying attention. Fill your meat tubes and bags with earths precious oxygen. Enjoy it. Its your sole reason for living l. Just like me. Just like anyone you ever saw or met.



Pain is a given. Make it mean something. Never waste. We are not as wealthy as we think. Dont dwell. Always act. You cant hide from suffering. Because, everytime you think you are doing that, youre already wounded.

Tell me: people in this world have 2 things: an addiction and an adversity. My addiction is introspection. My adversity is acting. And you?

top 3 Portuguese fruit league:
1 Banana
2 Orange
3 Watermelon

I mean... Banana is just iconic. Quickly became a generational legend for every club level competition it played! Its like 70% of its performances are either dominating or simply excelent. Orange has been living in banans shadow for quite sometime. Its been second for the last few seasons, although it struggingly won some competitions when faced against Banana. But they are rare, and few and far in between, showing just how dominating banana Is. It may sound repetitive, but banana as a competitor and performer simply has no match. And water melon trails closely behind Orange. And this has always been a tough pill to swallow for orange fans, but their closest rival is actually directly below them. Yet its more enjoyable to watch Orange and Watermelon go blow for blow as anyone who faces banana gets demolished most of the time


There are even rumors about Banana flirting with genetics modifications. But these claims always seem to only come from rival fans and teams, like Orange and the infamous strawberries down in 6th. Watermelon only seems to care about overtaking Orange, so in my opinion orange should use Watermelon as an example and just focus on playing at its level. While thats happening, an investigation has been launched to look for the reasons for Bananaa performance gain, as it waa struggling to not get delegated just two seasons ago. But banana has denied any acusations ever since saying in one interview, i quote: "They just dont know Im the best. It happens in any sport. You suddently overtake them and they stop being so sweet. Its a cruel world. Yet now I am king of the jungle. I guess we are even"


Are you human? The Fruit League is very popular amongst humans! You know about it, dont you?


But a prodigy fresh out of the academy, apple, is close in 4th. They do everything to learn and are very humble. They will surely be a contender for third and even second very soon if they keep improving at this rate. What do you think?


Idk... I dont like specific body parts. I just care about how it all looks together, really. For example, with the right circunstances, fat people can be really charming and even sexy. I am an optimist and believe that to make yourself sexy, appearance is just a single coordinate of a huge vector, ya know? And then its about what vector is more paralel to your taste vector, which can change in itself



Because... There is one thing I cant quite accept: you may be the biggest optimist, main character like, naturally a leader, ultra inspiring warrior of hope that rebirths any person with a single word, or makes people laugh or thinks in a fascinating way... but if yoy only focus on that, and not attractiveness, attractiveness will become a huge bottle neck. Its not just the vector being paralel. People have some expectation on how long that vector should be, too. in conclusion, not essential, but way less creativity, effort and natural tendency for openess( which is way rarer than physical attractiveness anyway) for good sexy time is required. In a nutshell, not necessary, but very useful

Idk... I think my vector is: something paralel to: 40 attractiveness, 90 leadership, 78 percent personality colorfulness, 99 proactiveness and 80 empathy. Length of vector is about 60. But dont worry about meeting this specific things yourself. This is purely internal and is logically impossible for you to get anything insightful out of this


Thats why I ask "what are you doing", "favourite fruit", etc... idk I think people who "dont like small talk" have no idea what it takes to make a conversation pleasent and are just projecting their lack of social skills and their lack of understanding for the purpose of small talk


Yeah! When it happens, its excelent! But expecting it to happen everytime is just "caprichoso" as they say it in my country