Adriano's diary goes here

Diary of an arrogant, argumentative wimp.


I am arrogant, arrogant, arrogant. The most arrogant of them all. I crave praise wherever I go. I dropped my soft heart somewhere along this confusing path, for a gold ingot. I am the smartest, the strongest, the most mature, the most authentic. I win competitions for those frequently. I can prove it. I am caged inside a transparent box, frustrated at the words I can never utter. At the realities I refuse to see. At the people I refuse to talk to. I left my first reality a long time ago. Most people do when they turn 20. But they can still survive to talk about it. I shreded all my meaning, as a futile demonstration of strength. I dropped all my good habits for a useless reputation as an authentic induvidual. I dropped my dearest ideals over a useless reputation as a creative. I questioned my deepest core ambitions and true gratification over a useless reputation as an intellectual. Its allways been something. From body and mind to my literal ribs, Everything has allways been wrong with me. I had an existential crisis just to accept that I am kinda nerdy. My friends see me as a genius. So I believe them. My family members see me as strong. So I rely on them. I went to an intensive course to learn atheism, and all they taught me was futile cynnicism. I came into college with genuine pride in my heart "Hold up! Did you know undergrads are dumb, now?" Well... there that goes. Why all the admiration. Why all the obcession with admiration. Is it food for the winter? When is winter? What is winter? People listen to me yap like a radio, and nod in pity. My arrogance knows no bounds, as I repress it so people dont abandon me. When will it explode? Best case, on the exact moment I completly decompose on the grave and my memory fades away. Worst case, before that. No one must know. I know I still need them. I just dont know why or how to speak from heart  yet. I discriminate these pathetic creatures as my monster pretends to devour them so it forgets about hunger. I am an undergrad. They are not. People call me smart. Not them. My discipline (or what can be more accurately described as "swallowing and wallowing") makes me praisable. Yet I never feel capable or ready. Never.


So, you just got your mind blown at the realisation that you dont like to procrastinate? Congratulations! My car also has a huge problem! It is too slow! I feel like my shoulds are allways beneath me. 


I just want to know what true compassion feels like. Not towards me. From me. I am more curious than guilty, though... I enjoy new experiences. Thats why I want it so bad. We explored every gratifying facet of the tecnology we can ever make, already! We explored why intellectualism is important. Why praise is important. The answer is not as revealing or as much of a mirror of their importance as people think. Intelligence is a very important set of skills humans can develop. A meta skill if you will. It covers, from intuition control  to critical, detached reasoning which is accurate and avoids fallacies and the intrinsical value of the pursuit of truth. Intuition control... Its a concept made up by me to explain stuff to myself (so far) more easly. I can explain it with math, as it is something that exercises it alot. There are several quantic stages and Ive been able to see 3: 0- before 1. 1- Apply abstractions. In this stage, you are able to, although purely blindly, apply pre existing principles to compute. It requires you to be able to master algebra, so you can handle complex expressions. 2- Assert and demonstrate principles: You can prove to yourself and others why formulas work. Also, create some of your own for your purposes. You understand propositional and other forms of logic required to prove abstractions. Maybe there is a third, which I guess is creating yout own "Maths"... but thats only from me. This is pretty cool. But we are pathologically obcessed with this. ( Im guilty of it too). Why the f***... where is empathy? Social smoothness, willpower management, why dont we praise those? "huurrr durrr we only praise achievable stuff we dont belive in mushy emotions and fantasy hurrrr durrr that is just religion garbo made to soften the masses egos" bro since when are skills achievments? How the f*** do you achieve intelligence? So, if you are not a harsh, cynical coward, can you still not be praised? Why are you so harsh when correcting people? "Hurrrr you just care aboit feelings, nog facts, you overly pampered conformist!" But... if people dont want to listen to you, all the energy went to the toilet! "They should just be able to handle it!" YOU ARE THE ONE SPEAKING SK YOU ARE THE ONE WHO SHOULD CONDITION THE LISTENER TO BE RECEPTIVE OMG JUST SHUT UP!!!!!!! You make me so mad, oh my f****** god! Intelligence is overrated. I know it, but Ive been so praised and conditioned in such a way my ego cannot even recognize it as just one more human dimension! Omg redditors make me so fucking mad! They will tell me Im just soft, im just too traditional and devoid of conflict on my life! You cant tell me you walked a thorny path just because you chose to not turn on the lights at night! You cant brag about artificial and even imaginary conflict you claim to face up to everyday! That is dumb. Its dumb! That ia true stupidity! Your stupid! Also arrogant! Be ashamed... you pretentious moron!


Filipa told me today: "Stop binging on your own bitterness. You are not wrong, but you are also deluded by a unsatiable hunger for petty conflict. In the end, you are the Redditor. But all you have to do is face up to it everyday. And then move on. Thats what I do. Not through exploring the nature of said conflict. There are doctors who perform surgeries on cancer patients who also smoke. Just. Let. Go. Choosing what we eat, who we kiss. Who we hurt is what separates us from animals. I know I am not the one to judge. As you fill up with bitterness, I fill up with the gonad fluids of random people I find in parties. I even make lists of samples I take based on concentration and make clever datastructures in java to sort them in various ways a- OK anyway... see you tomorrow, brave soldier. Get up and get your ass kicked. Take photos of your scars. Dont show them to anybody. That is true pride.