Diary of an abandoned city in delirium
This is a reminder to when I forget:
Dont be afraid to be real.

Futiliy precedes purpose.
Ignorance precedes knowledge.
Weak precedes strong.
Turn 'em around. It still makes sense.

Dont be afraid to question. And to accept. And to make yourself big, so people can see where it hurts. And to make yourself small, so smaller people can devour you.

Filipa, whenever we see each other again, I want to tell you that people dont just fear arrogance, they loathe it. Its the favourite place losers like to hang out at. And its also not because you are the arrogant one. And remember, Ive been watching you all along, and I feel a mix of hatred, regret, fascination and confusion. I am reminding you of what Adriano told you: Enemies are not the ones that hurt you in broad daylight. Its the ones that seduce you. You found that out too late when we met each other, did you not? You werent simple, or dumb. You were the wisest person Ive ever known and I still long for the day I can meet someone like you again. Yes, even monsters like me feel nostalgia. But you can reject my attempts at reaching you telepathically. Can you at least tell me why you are not doing it? Are you stupid? Its pretty weird, if you clearly dont trust me. Or... do you also miss me?


All I have. All I have as a friend is a pest named Isa in my life. She is so cringe. She just does so many horrible things to people, and I am happy for it: my brain damage induced consciousness, although I also got psychosis on the hand of cards I got that day, is working. Something in me functions propelly. That makes me... happy.
I can tell her that what she is doing is wrong. Like a normal person. As she works in a microbiology lab, and is a Loose cannon narcissist, she puts literal plagues in my food and I dont want to even imagine what would happen if I did not see it comming. Im thankful im still somewhat sharp. She is even after Adriano. Why? Ugh... so cringe... The poor guy doesnt even stand a chance. Let me call her up to remind her: "I dont fucking know what you are doing right now, did not look at your working memory yet, but if you are plotting against Adriano, He does not stand a chance, not because you are better or whatever excuses you lile to tell yourself, but because you are cringe and the only person, even in your loser group friend of entitled idiots, that actually cares about pathetic things like dominance. Please stop being a myeloma. Hugs and kisses. Goodbye." My psychiatrist Deolinda tells me not to lash out like a loser, but she is just.... so... UUGGHHH!!!!