Filipa's asskicking diary

As I move through the wet pitch with blistering speed with glowing green eyes, my body body supercharged with adrenaline and curiosity. I tackle, get tackled and feel the meat of my enemies. I dribble with chops and raw speed. I run so fast I can pass to myself. Then... I get crushed. My oponents look intimidatingly at me. I smirk and point back. My inspiration is Ben Arfa. He only trusted himself. But I also pass to my teamates when they are sexy like me. I also make a deal with them teamates to allways rail me after the match porportionally with every goal we score together. One goal, at least 3 humps (or more if we really are into it). As breakcore and brazilian funk ring in my head  wether its in an actual pitch or an empty road in those 40 celsius heat summer days, I either crush or get railed by bigger (or even smaller) boys and girls. I dont discriminate! As people utter yelling "THE FREAK IS IN OUR HALF!!!! STOP HER!!!!", 2 strides and 2 chops. I am 1v1. I lift my strong leg. I pull it so hard my body contorts. There is hunger radiating through me! I feint... I move left. My teamate shoots. The rest did not matter, as he was a carrier of really high quality and yummy meat. We got destroyed that game. We still had the orgy. My god I spent more calories and water there than in game! I love life. Specially when you can do programming puzzles and optimize my brand new algorithm: semen stack sort!


My second happiest day wearing a jersey was when I scored my first goal in a club. My first was when... well... it was full crowd, We were facing the Benfica in my age group!. We were a third division team. It was a friendly! We were pumped! almost no one from home even bothered to show up. We were focused and confident. I gave them my main character speech and got out of the lockerroom! We are in the pitch. we do the little cheesy circle sports cucks do or something. Then the game starts!!!! They are the home team so they start! Their monster forward moves with ruthless velocity! our keeper was barely awake! And he scores! Wow... they took 5 seconds to score! And 5 seconds its just the max time you have to think about the more complicated passes! So anyways, me and some teamates ran up to them and joined their celebration! We belly danced and gave a huge show! It was so mutch fun! After that game, that we tied, I got the number of that beast they call their forward Carlos! We went on a date. He is also a poet! What a beatiful man...


GOD that bitch is trying to talk to me again. "Hello, Filipa. Its Ester here! I miss you. So much. Please. Lets have lunch or something! Please! I need to see you agai-" No thank you. Although... she is not even looking at my thoughts unsolicited anymore... who cares! I wont forgive her!

