The diary of a dark witch:
Hi sis'!!! This is Isa! Come say hi! Also leave your address and social security number in case you prove useful/in case I WANT YOU (DEAD). Also put here the money your house is worth and me in the the testimony of your richest family member! We are all a brothers and sisters, yes!

Ok so There was this emo SHITNERD, Adriano who was really getting on my nerves. I just came up to him and said hi, like a normal person. I know he does not even know who I am but... why is he wary of me??????!!!! its HIM who is the school shooting black wearing  anime watching nerd shitnerd loser weirdo emo weirdo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, not me!!!!!! Anyway... I started flirting with him in the cafeteria and DAMN ITS SO HARD TO MEET HIM!!!!! GRRRR!!!! FOR FILTHY AUTIST TRASH HE SURE IS FLAKY!!!!! HE SHOULD HAVE MORE DISCIPLINE THAT LAZY COWARD!!!!! Sigh... some people just should not be allowed an actual citizenship when they cant even be normal and predictible... anways, I started calling him smart and strong, because I had been scouting him as a valuable asset for a while now and he is very insecure about those things... sigh... having vulnerabilities sure is dumb... anyways... as I am the only girl that loser talked to in probably a year (as his closest friend is a girl and she lives near in his hometown of trashy, closeminded simpletons, such a pathetic shitnerd... i HATE HIM!!!!) He does not even know I had an abusive mother... how dare he even blush when I am near him... I know I am irresistible, but coming from people like him its kinda disgusting ngl... people like him should put their dick back in their trousers sometimes... He barely speaks when we have conversations, but thats because he does not want to ruin me with HIMSELF (as it is narcissistically expected of him. Him speaking to me its like... you can even be narcissistic next to him and god will forgive me... he had caring parents... I know I am probably projecting, but my momma was not a shitnerd like him. And my daddy probably knew a better asset to invest than my family, that shitnerd. You know what? My mother is also a SHITNERD, THAT JUDGY TOXIC SHITNERD!!!!! But also no, cuz she is my momma and I love her... do I? Anyway) I ask him: "Do you stutter and feel embarassed next to girls?" And he answers: "Yes. How do you know?" IN THE MOST NONCHALANT TONE POSSIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOW DARE HE DISRESPECT ME LIKE THIS??????!!!!!!! BUT THEN, Ester, my idol, also spoke to me on sisradio (she has telepathy) in that second: "stop wasting your time on him. dont be a snake, you spiteful, buthurt coward. Lets have lunch over where I am. Ill send you the required memories for you to get to me. Leave the shitnerd alone. Come. Or ill leave you stranded in the sea of lonelyness you spastically are trying to keep yourself out of drowning on. You will dig yourself in further and further. Until you cant take it anymore. You are not a sociopath like me. You are a narcissist. Your actions are taking a toll on you. You unconscious beast." That basically meant: "your killing it! but you will outshine me! So come to where I am so I can praise you" which did not make me angry at all. Sooo... I roundhoused the shitnerd and knocked him out!!!!!! Then I left!!!! Ester said something else after that: "You myeloma...." Which meant she called me cancer. How dare she???? She is the one who abused an autistic kid... WAIT SISRADIO IS CALLING!!!! "Stop bumbling about with that shitty diary and go get actual therapy, you freak. You will learn too late in life that pain is the ultimate remedy, but that its allways possible to avoid taking it most of the time." Ok sis!!!!! good bye everyone!!!! have a sweet day!!!


Ok today was take two of demolishing Adriano. That stupid RAT!!!!!!! anyways.... I also tried to finish Ester's job with Filipa, but she did not want to??? SHITNERDS SHOULD FUCKING DIE WITH THEIR FUCKING LAZYNESS AND DEEP WEB AND LIVELEAK AND SHITTY ROCK MUSIC THEY LISTEN TO AAAAHAAHAHG!!!! STOP SHOCKING ME SIS! IT FUCKING HURTS. WAIT SISRADIO!!! HEY SIS! "You dont even share an AREACODE with any "shitnerds" you pathetic excuse for a vengeful shitty supervillain. Let it fucking go. Dont you have a job?" Its my day off! And homework is #done!!!!! You gotta teach me to make purely artificial crack like you told me you used to sell, sis! AND She is calling again!!!!  "DONT WRITE THAT YOU IMBECILE! THE BRAIN DAMAGE GAVE ME fucking CONSCIOUSNESS!!!!!! I FUCKING REGRET MY GUTS OUT OF IT. Annnnnd I could get arrested when you innevitably show your word vomits to your shitty friends, that dont actually care btw, and then they tell it to their spoiling even more narcissistic parents. Why does my only actual current friend have to be you? I honestly rather be dead right now, you know? Btw come with me. I ran out of my pills for psychosis and it does not care about you or me, so come buy some with me so I dont do anything stupid on my way there. I thought Filipa was a soft, but frustratingly hard to manipulate simpleton. You are actually detestable." *Gulp* Ok sis... GOODBYE FAM! " JUST COME ALREADY!!!"

Just tried a sample of crack Ester forgot to hide from me and did not get to sell and ita gooooooooooooooood! I can smell light rn fam! 


Ok I got that slow snail for a brain of a loser emo goth femboy Adriano to go out with me!!!!!! Sisradio!!!!!!! "You think you are powerfull, smart people, like Adriano, find you either threatning or an unstable timebomb and desperate horndogs, like Adriano, find you only attractive because its the first time someone EVER gave them attention. They dont find being with you rewarding at all! You are just all they think they can get. The destruction you plan on delivering will be equivalent to bombing Chernobyl houses. You myeloma... You dont care, do you?" No! Anyways fam! Everything is ready. I got the heroin Ester crafted out of nostalgia, but she said it should not leave the drawer it was stored on "you idiot!!!!!!" (which she finished the conversation with and she uses as a replacement for "slay queen") and I am going to put it in the vodka im gonna give him!!!!! (he said he does not drink, but I dont care!!!!! he is just trying to run away from what he deserves!!!!!) Sisradio again ! "You go to prision for like 3 years and he gets his whole life and his only chance to even get out of that so nasty "Shitnerd" state (whatever the fuck you mean with that...) in the trash. Good. now why do you want that, exactly?" I... dont need a why, sis! I.... want to! Its what every slay queen is saying on instagram! I should also even cut his balls like some say! "Im gonna shock you again. Im gonna shock you again. I can kill you, you parasite, you know? I got nothing to lose! I lost the only good friend I ever had, my sanity, all the meaning in my life and I tried suicide so many times at this point im not even afraid of prision! And I already saw you try to contaminate my food with rabies for the 4th time this week. See if you get me some new tricks, you bitch! Its getting old... I dont care! I know I will eventually need to stop you! You know what? I can tell the police right now!!! We can dance it out on the court floor if you want, you tumor of society! Try to use more of the grey will ya? And you had therapy today too, did you? why did you not go???? omg im gonna kick your ass when I get back!"

My soul tastes chemical.
Living here is like laying in a hospital bed, no... In a lab. With thick goggles, white walls, metal sinks, squeeky clean tables, weird smells all over, everything that isnt inside a glass apparatus is a different shade of grey. There is only one door. You can only get in. When it catches fire, which is rare with so little organic matter left to burn. No emergency exits. No windows. Only white flourescent lighting with aircon that dries your eyes. I allways just feel like drinking any random liquid I find. Anything tasty is not allowed here. And I am starving. That explains it. As I cry alone when no one can see or hear me, I show my wounds to an unforgiving world after we butted heads, and sink into copious regret and shame from a life where I see mirages of insects and candy no matter where I look or go. Wait. Sis.... radio: "Damn... I though I had issues. Im 15 minutes from home, Isa. Wait there for a hug." No, sis... I dont want anybody anywhere near me right now. Just let me be. We can slay together tomorrow. Not today. Just tell me something: What came first: That window you have acess to, the brain damage or Filipa, that lousy shitnerd you are obcessed with? "Filipa. I was so ignorant of her. She had a weird mix of actual confidence with histerionics that I found fascinating. I fucking miss her. Nothing about her makes sense. I want her back so bad...  I also dont know whether I am proud, ashamed or disgusted  at or sad for you. Because lonely people have imaginary friends. You have imaginary enemies. Friends and enemies are the same, after all..."


