Ideas 2b done:

Komak the Maid ENTJ never stop on your way to a dream "I gotta see it happen. and I will" "I will have enough time for sleep and tepid moderation while on my grave than you very much)

more komak:

She plays professional tour snooker (long table, colored + red, 100 point breaks type shit) She is 8th sandwiched bewteen shawn murphy and yang bing tao
A maid with an attire similar to yakuis, but reaches the ankles.
Has amber eyes, blue long hair.
Smokes on the job. Has bionic right arm. Before, she could not even hold a glass of water properly. but now, after years and years of gradual tweaking, accidents, awkwardness, innadequacy and... slapping people in the face accidentally, she can play snooker... well! Mentor for yakui the maid. Stands at 180cm and weighs 79 kg.

She is rather blunt, can come across as dismissive. Her words may be profound, although she expresses herself through words way more. She is a female Maid.
She has black underliner in the eyes. Shows. Does not tell. Naturally comes up with profound sayings involving concepts about death, decay, emotion and philosophy. Prefers to engage with people on her own terms. Very awkward when forced into social situations she does not expect. "They should all die. I am still metamorphising. Let me ressuscitate!" (Wait! Give me time to engage my social gears!)

Komak is known in the WST as the 3S Maid (Sub Second Shot)

Her V/D ratio against Ronnie O Sullivan is 2 to 8 

Frustrated because she almost always wins against Murphy, but cannot overtake him because he wins more overall games

Franz Kafka fan. Motorsports fan. Owns a Subaru Impreza. Likes to take it rallying with Yakui. The subaru is always repainted with the same specific color with which it came from factory

Komak has alexithymia. She may have incredible ammounts of sheltered anger against something, and even speak in a tone that makes it evident, which intimidates people due to her overall demeanour and deep, strong voice, but when asked about it, simply answer: "Well... I guess... Idk... anyways I have to get something done. If you want anything........... CALL ME, UNDERSTAND?!". She tries Yakuis drugs so she can understand emotions.

Does not understand venting or why she would ever need to do it herself.

She coordinates other maids.


- Being aware of how you feel has to do with Having high Pi not high Fi

- My challenge is the struggle to balance academic curiosity with commitment


- Make my music streamer have the option for file downloads (easy to do. just one more enum const and one more switch branch in client and server)


-Make the client of my streamer buffer server sent chunks. I plan on using a queue in circular buffer.
There will be 2 cursors; A playing cursor and a receiving cursor.
When the queue is full, IE it is 1 less unit in the circular sequence than the playing cursor, and it is smaller in that same sequence  it stops asking for chunks.
When both are separated by 1 in the sequence and the playing is bigger, the playback simply stops until more chunks come (the recv cursor increases).
The client will need to have a circular queue of chunks data structure and 2 threads.
The queue module will be where the media playing happens at.
Acess to the queue will be mutex protected. There will be cond vars.
And a latency constant that decides how much time is waited until the actual playing begins, to give the queue time to fill up.


The client will also store a file of hosts it previously connected to,so that one can simply pick "last" as the connected address and basically iterate them until one works. There will be a stored address data structure that will be gotten rid of as soon as the connection happens.

And, from now on, addresses imputs will be a single <ip>:<port> in the cmdline instead of <ip> AND <port>. its much less clumsy and more memorizable

I will use scanf until I find a colon, take that as ip. the rest is port. Simple! Ill do the same with the server.


The circular queue will be specialized. I dont tend to pay attention to college very much but I know one thing: Its very rare for a generalized queue to be efficient and idiot proof. I will just make it, specifically, a chunk queue. You play your chunks and you dequeue and enqueue your chunks and check wether or not its full or empty. Thats it. It works with chunks and nothing else. this is important so that I can make it non malloc dependent. there will be a balast number: it will be positive when there are chunks to be played. Zero when we played everything. We will only go forward.


*back to music streamer*


I got the queue working. Now I should try to milk the f*** out of these 2 concepts: Slide windows and switching buffers. First I will create a branch where I copy the stuff from the q_buffer branch to it and then go on and experiment. I shall call the new branch: s_windows. I will try to use sliding windows between the rx and play threads in the client and then between the server and the clients rx thread and *just* focus on that new concept and keeping the queue. Then... if its faster, I will keep it for the next branch, s_buffer... where I will try to combine sliding windows with switching buffers. The main issue with the queue I have now is the fact that multiple threads access the same resource. sooo... the locking mutexes make the rx and play threads trip over eachother and the stream ends up slowing down alot... but it is slightly faster than before. With switching buffers, Allegedly I only need the mutex to protect the acess to the buffer switching mechanism, where one never really has to wait for the other to be done... we just have to switch on use... but then.... how the hell do I combine that with slide windows? I dont know.... I dont know and Im tired now... Im gonna leave it be for now... lots of stuff to do...
