Btw. I have a piece of self-cooked advice that could be *very* helpful for people in the 21st century: How to deal with people you have alot of certainty could belong to a subculture that implicitly rejects yours (eg. someone is into ancient history, body building and has a self-help guilty pleasure and enjoys watching action movies who (spots/has their attention caught by) someone that is into literature, modern art, philosophy, enhanced mind states, etc. I know its not that linear but bear with me)). What you do is... do *not* give in to your ego. Do *not* try to "fix" them. And do *not* try to "pRoVoKe ThEiR ThOUgHTs" or "cHAlLeNgE ThEIr AsSUmpTioNS". Thise goes for both sides of thus sub culture X subculture encounter. And it doesnt matter which subculture each one of them is. What you do is... that is... if you *really* find interest in them (Friend, curiosity, romantic, etc.) be straight forward. Do not exaggerate. And try to pick on what they are doing. Here you can give in to your biases slightly. What about what they are doing *in the moment* is curious to you or intruguing? Try to leverage that. (Btw... but if they are overtly trying to be reserved, like... plain clothes, just headphones in their ears, just sitting in their chair... they seem to be pensive or you two like a train station or something, its almost always not worth it) Do it sorta like this: "Hello! You look like someone interesting! I noticed youre doing *blank* And I think thats interesting. My name is *blank*". If they ignore you, or roll their eyes... take your share and leave. Do not force it. If they interact, DING DING DING, You just bridged a gap that should have not been there in the first place! thank you for contributing to making 21st century society just a little less obnoxious! Or... you could always try to prove them "WrOnG"... whatever the hell Wrong even means in this context... or for you... or for them... and then end up in an embarassing "battle of wits" where youre just trying to roast eachother, hurting eachothers feelings unecessarly and ruining eachothers days unecessarly. Even for the "winner", what do they even get, anyway? They lose their focus on the later parts of they day because they think they are so "superior" over something petty that they underperform, and you are the same except the emotions are negative in flavour.
 