Ok now A casual convo: I gotta talk about the odd distribution of intellect in my  country(Portugal)'s reddit pages! First off we have r/portugal. Ok... nothing fancy. Basically a community managed news outlet alternative. Then we have.... ugh... r/portugueses. Basically... they represent the lumps of sweaty shit that spend too much time in their computers and potentially browse 4 chan. (Nothing bad with 4chan... Ive very recently made metaphorical ammends with the 4chan website but these portuguese young men are insufferable). they are xenophobic (I swear every 3 posts is ALWAYS, ALWAYS about either "Antonio Costa" (I know that bro sucks but stop telling everybody that turning portugal into north korea will solve your issues)), Racist (another third is *Exclusively allocated* for gypsies AND "Brazucas" aaaand complaining about said groups) and they are a bunch of politically obcessed, grouchy, mega-logical, pessimitic and cynnical losers. Then... we have r/NaBoaChavaloRetardado. They are a comedy subreddit. They are genuenly funny. Basically like r/OkayBuddyRetard but with portuguese culture inside jokes. The jokes are varied, clever and, if you are in the mood, can pretty much always make you laugh (my experience), And varied they are: They range from short but elaborate and cool narratives involving portuguese political figures that both mock and endear them to us, snappy memes, retorts about other subreddits, schizoposts and references to stuff completly unrelated to portugal that are somehow still funny and related. Although it can get kinda tiring if you *only* browse comedy subreddits. Then there is r/PORTUGALCARALHO That is trying wayyy too hard to be like r/NaBoaChavaloRetardado and repeats the exact same jokes every time. But them... there is r/CasualPT just unassumingly being the wisest, most grounded and most open minded place focused on the lives of portuguese people. It ranges from people looking for genuine advice in Swing bars, people with BPD stuck in life venting it out with people acknowledging them, people lost in their 20s being validated and guided... Its like NaBoaChavaloRetardado and CasualPT share like 99% of all braincells between them, while r/portugal is a news outlet, r/PORTUGALCARALHO's memes are NOT invented and r/portugueses is made of exclusively dysfunctional individuals. 


And I gotta talk about a youtube video. By the way... whoever posted it has balls of carbonized tungsten. Its a video titled: "How to sell to the Negro". This is how you know that they, at least at a superficial glance, have zero fear in crossing "social vibes" related boundaries: The video is staticky and played in a 1:1 porportion, has 50's style commercial instrumental music with metal air instruments and stuff, the people all wear formal clothes and the guy is just... man... so 50's! They address people of dark skin as Negros (because... they... are), its a whole ass video telling you how to, to put it bluntly, manipulate people of a minority into doing something that might not initially align with their best interests and it is a commercial. And my SJW ass really clicked it just so I could get pissed at something! But... while watching it... it.... wasnt condescending, it wasnt cynical, it did not involve prejudice... The word "Negro" was purely used as a factual descriptor for what they look like (I mean its the 50's, cut em some slack) and... it wasnt derogatory or cynical, as I said: they said stuff like: "As they are used to being sold cheap stuff all the time, they became wary. They only buy on brand. And... if they pick something... dont tell them to buy something else or that waryness will kick in and they will leave your shop! So just bear with them... and just focus on the article's price. Also... be mindful of the minefield of raising the negotiation price while striking a deal with a negro. Compliment their appearance, their smile, and their hygienne, as they also overcompensate for being called dirty for generation after generation. And focus on quality... as they are a practical, resourceful bunch and have a knack for what they need and if what they see will serve them well. Just. Focus. On. The. Price. Yatta yatta yatta" like... yeah! it *is* manipulative, like any commercial... but it was just so... tactical, logical, grounded and... surprisingly educational and insightful...

Like... *chuckles* it just sounds so tactical and cool headed... like "How to sell to negro #4328"

It sounded like they really knew their stuff about selling to the negro and that they genuenly wanted you to learn it and suceed lmao

Like...Its almost as if... the racist people... and the sales people were, as it should be, completly separated! *M I N D  B L O W N*