Shes the kind of girl to create funky digital music with titles like "supermarket parking lot" "Analysing the Abyss" and "Sao Paulo River Bed" within an album called "Goth in the Sun" where songs begin as this ultra intense and highly pre-climatic beats only to fall into funky, chilish sounding beats that, if listened to carefully, feel oddly deep and human.´

Some blokes from a Musical Company would try to snatch her for their project:

They would find Junko Enoshima walking along the side of the road with a brooding, melancholic bodylanguage... with no job, friends or romantic partners, wondering where it all went wrong... looking at the ground... net stockings, mixed with an unassuming torso and nails painted in deep pink... combined with dark under eyes and an apathic facial expression.

They would invite her... as she clearly looks like someone who would do well in such a thing, to be the creative force behind their new musical project. She says yes. They would expect her to initially lean towards creating stuff like deeply intense and raw drum and bass or even breakcore or glitchcore... which is what they were looking for... so they can cater to nicher audiences. but. They put her in front of a mixer, computer and midi pianno... and some drums. They realise she needs practice (Btw... this is all really high level. I am just writing this for the sake of a punchline and coherence) , as she kept getting awkwardly flustered by just how bad her stuff sounded initially. But then, she reluctantly begins enjoying herself... as if trying to spread her true nature to the public: A brooding and melacholic BUT also goofy and unconventional soul fumbling around with a keyboard and mixer trying to make sense of her own disjointed mess of a mind through beats and sound. Her music would typically follow this simple formula: It starts with a really deep and prolongued and tensing up chord or set of notes, to then delve into a goofy, totally offsync but oddly captivating tune with a repeating main sequence that might as well have been cropped and copy pasted over and over again but is somehow the most addictive thing you have ever heard in your life. The album covers would also be drawn totally by hand and by her... depicting a typical goth girl wrestling with the most mundane, average, yet relatable and universally unconfortable experiences and situations possible, with titles like "Awake at 1 am" "Empty supermarket parking lot" "Cloudy city river water" "Stale Airconditioner Air in my Lungs". She would become quickly recognized for her funky style and offbeat persona and gather a much larger audience than even her Agents could ever expect... becoming known as  "Junko The Ultimate GoofGirl"



Okay. I have a flaw. No its not from my writing. I know those: structure, flow is too chaotic and the references may be too obscure. But now I want to know flaws of other writers. Because if I never get to know them, I might internalize the belief that, to be a valid artist, I have to be perfect. What are the flaws of say... Kafka?


Wanna know something interesting? Generational overcompensation is a real thing! Before... UK people were seen as snobby, arrogant and judgemental. But now, its rare to find someone in the UK that doesnt self deprecate every chance they get