
*Notes:*

One character is Gonzo. Wont describe him in this story. I will just write as him. I will share some details of the other, like her (*She* is a girl) psychotic episodes, her utlra deep self awareness and her teenage past as an obcessive, yet selfless and deeply passionate lover, who was also very lost in life and lonely (Like a typical "Yandere"), who finds solace in channeling her ability to theorise and obcess over the tiniest nuances into motorsports. She loves the corners... rattling, the feeling of merging with the car. She is a brilliant driver. this is her first taste of Sports car endurance racing... and she is 13th in the overall standings, with Dodge/Chrysler, the team she drives for, being just 20 points behind Chevrolet, their eternal rivals. Her being a rising star and the fact that the team director simply cannot "Take motorsports away from her... this is already such an expensive sport... the fact we could afford to give it to her... means that, if she has an episode... and she cannot reason with us anymore as the gravel proves insufficent to stop her... in time, at least... she goes out... peaceful. Her smile once she mashes the pedal, the way her hands grip the steering wheel with possessive, yet caring agressiveness, the way she just stops responding to our radio when she gets focused... is worrying... but we account for that: We have, against her permission, installed cameras inside the car. No. it does not matter what her opinion about it is. We just need to not tell her about it. We know that people with her condition absolutely cannot take the feeling of being watched, but if she has an episode... we also have telemetry for heartrate and pulse... we can just say we use *That* to monitor if she is fine. But no. it is not. Its the look in her eyes. If her mouth stops moving and she starts drooling, she is ok. Its her concentration kicking in. But... if she starts gasping shallowly, and her hands stop moving with wide eyes, its a *must* pit stop. She comes in, takes her medication, and its race over for her. She always gets really antsy when she has to leave... berating at us endlessly for the remainings of the race when (and if...) she recovers... but she knows, deep down, despite all the absurd behaviours she has in that state (like trying to climb the fence form the pitlane to the track because she is going to "Fetch her ball" Or screaming and running around the pitlane in sheer panic because her race gear is "Brimming with fire ants that bite like bullets")... that we care. She also thinks about other male drivers alot... and gets way more kick from chasing them down and staying right on their tail than actually overtaking them. So we use her as our consistent driver when we need to maintain position, her heartrate visibly going down and her expression getting way less unfocused when she gets past someone. Her times during the qualifying round in this race were... average most of the time. But when she had toe from a car in an upperclass, when "Filipe Albuquerque" Was driving in front of her, for example, even if she knew she could not keep up, as he is in a daytona prototype and she is in a GT3 grade race car, her lap times went from within 10 seconds of 2 minutes flat, to within 10 seconds of 1minute 50 seconds. Her heart rate increases, her driving... oddly, gets sharply smoother, she trailbreaks like Ive never seen before and, from the entire GTE field, she was the one with the most percentage of throttle input through The Corkscrew, when she was behind Antonio Felix Da Costa. Her name is Jessica Mata, is 22 years old, and suffers from Psychotic depression and her personality has lots of traits related to insecure attachement styles and ADHD. She also suffers from alexathymia, and that is relevant because... well... she forgets to conserve her patience and pushes hard when she sees a backmarker from the GT4 class... that she forgets she has to move on from and overtake. She also chews on the fluid hose so hard when chasing someone (Or when gnawing her teeth screaming at us because the tire pressure were, for us imperceptively, "WAY OFF DICKFACES!") She partially rips it. The thought of her almost swallowing it makes me think "My goodness... not even the fluid equipment is safe enough for her..." .... And... its hard to get her to be vocal during therapy. The care she drives is a Chrysler Viper GTS-R.

I plan on getting both Gonzo and Jessica to duel: Jessica for her Team's constructors points and Gonzo for his first podium in the IMSA championship

I think that Jessica, (Just like any (on quotes) "Yandere"-esque girl in general, to be honest) is a modernized embodyment of the princess from the Portuguese Tale "A princessa da Ervilha"

She wont finish the race and it will be due to a psychotic episode during the final quarter of the race... on her third planned stint... as she begins to see stuff that isnt there, and in a streak of instinct she yells in the radio: "Guys! The meds! The meds!" *Now with her voice cracking... and a teary face on the hidden cameras in the cockpit, under her helmet, that detached the visor from... due to the heat and exaustion, and the fact that it is currently 4pm and the sun is no longer in the line of sight of the drivers during any stage of the track* "We are in the california desert.... and.... and I see trees... I see trees... I... I forgot to replenish my meds on the last stint... s- sorry..." *her team coach responds immediatly* "Jessica. Come to the pits now. Youre done for today. Come in. Now." *Jessica... still with a glimmer of awareness of the consequences... responds: "Y- yes sir!"*