*so... the insect obcessed, nerdy, fake smiling, feeling repressing, blue haired girl from the hashibra's who fans really like to ship for some reason was on the prowl for some dangerous and hard enemies to kill. On her way to collect ingredients for her dru- I mean combat poisons, she encoutered Filipa, our actual and actually deserving and truest of the true main character: Filipa! Filipa was just grooving to her own train track. Freestyling with her metal, wysteria coated ball and talking shit to random passerby's that already knew her. She is a demon than is currently living off blood "donations" (pathetic  door-to-door begging) from locals in cities she passes by. She gathers people around (Not using force though. She prefers social skill actually) and the performs a soccer freestyling show using her enigmatic metal ball and her huge legs to express herself. Then... as she cleverly has not announced a request for a reward yet, she then cheekly asks for each individual person in the crowd to slit any part of their bodies slightly so she can gather it all around in a vase to drink it! yes... this is how she eats. And she continuously trains, and hard, so she can juggle better, run faster from demons trying to convert her to Muzan's ways and, of course, to defeat cocky hashibras in endurance foot racing in challenges she proposes to them when they first try to kill her. "hey bro bro bro! chill! chill! Whats your sprint time?" She has mild psychic powers but the most impressive thing about her... is how HARD and HOW LONG she can both jump, skip around, run, jog and... most importantly, K I C K. She can kick that metal ball she wields at all times at about 200 mph peak!

She recently got adopted by the Hashibras as a "Pet", so she can have chaotic edge to her personality honed into a refined blade (pun intended) and craft her own battle style. They feed her blood bags donated by people that help keep benevolent demons like Filipa alive and kicking! Filipa loves to tease Sanemi who constantly threatens to kill her (albeit he doesnt really mean to) while having nuanced yapping sessions with the pink bimbo and the airheaded mist guy. her "cancer daddy" also puts her in specially brutal (yet tailored and effective) mental training. She is asked to meditate for 1 hour a day... and from *scratch*, while having what essentially is lifetime-undiagnosed-and-severe ADHD mixed with some Bipolar disorder. As a life overwhelmingly dominated by chaos has left her with no sense of (and sometimes disinterest in) grounding herself in the present, always adapting and always moving. She is quick witted, good at adaptible, real time problem solving and *loves* soccer. (Soccer is like yugiohh for USA in taisho era japan at this time due to how utterly niche it is at this point in human history... like... very, very niche swordsmanship mixed with weird rules and "why cant you just use your hands? Its impressive but... alright nevermind I like it"). She trolls hashibras, tries to get nezuko out of her box to play at night (Filipa was found after Tanjiro fought spider boy) in the hashibra base of operations and she is scared shitless of Doma, who she saw one time and then ran away from like the plague.


She is not that empathetic. She has this sorta well meaning and kind "just do what I did! Its easy bro!" Sorta approach to giving advice that hits hard whenever it does and not at all when... it doesnt.

(Low effort back story: She got r-worded by muzan at age 10, along with her parents, who did not survive the alterc8ion, ended up running away, after consuming from her parents and storing some for later. She then found a blacksmith guy who she wanted to learn from despite being a demon. She ate her blood in secrecy, away from her blacksmithing mentor, while also going out for more when he wasnt looking, often by... uhh... offering her cheeks... and, as she was good at juggling stuff with her feet when she was young (A talent she thought was completly useless), she began asking the man to smelt metal balls for her, which were also coated in wysteria. As she did not want to raise suspiscion, that is also how she learned how to time her juggling in precise ways so she did not get hurt by the dreaded plant. She also found out that her attractive body was gonna be an advantage, and frequently used it to get what she needed (Although not in malice, but in self-interested resourcefulness, like seducing locals for blood left-overs. She spent 10 years surviving of blood left overs because she never bothered to ask anyone if there were donations for demons, as she, the girl who whored herself for blood, as a demon, thought that blood donations for demons were "too taboo". The absurdity of this girl is unmatched). Also... she once also was carried to the sea, to meet portuguese discovery age sailors as she was... *ahem* a... feminine... professional, bedroom partner for most of her life, (while she did not realize she could show off her odd juggling skills for blood too), and the allure of a... *ahem* girl who was paid in blood kept the tired, traumatized, hungry and homesick sailors entertained and endlessly fascinated. She also learned that her talent was not completly useless. Luis Vaz De Camões told her that the English, another group of folk from a country that was also very far away from Japan, had this thing called "Soccer", and then that was when Filipa knew all about it! She quit being a hooker and became a professional Foot Juggler!)
Her approach to fighting is... interesting. For her, the fight begins far, far before the two forces even meet on the field. (She also only fights at night for... obvious reasons. And before she got wysteria proof clothing, for which the recipie is highly disclosed as, in a world curently dominated by Muzan, every wall has ears, she needed to have the proper timing to kick the wysteria coated ball. But now she has got proper fabric pants and she can kick it without fear anymore! she currently has killed 2 evil demons and has helped the hashibras bring in 1 innocent one! (im not talking about him)
Anyways... she pulls up at the moment she feels the vibe is the most favorable, and then, while everyone, including teamates, who never expect her to show up at the times she does, somehow, is absolutely "quaking in their boots" (her words), she kicks the ball at the meanest looking guy, she begins juggling and freestyling with the ball for the whole battlefield, doing 'round the worlds, penguins (she invented it), switch-backs and other kinds of airtricks and shit... holding up to her... *ahem* big tatas... and shit... before setting it up  with some kick ups and knee ups for a powerful volley that she can regularly shoot at up to 120 MPH (Its a 100 kg 15cm radius, steel sphrere by the way. Oh! and she was also logged as able to maintain an on-foot pace of 60 kph for up to 5 miles. And kick old, alive oak trees down with running kicks!) at the meanest looking guy she finds (she probably wont get that ball back any time soon btw... as it often is going so fucking fast and it is so fucking heavy it just goes deep underground) For her, "the spectacle is totally worth it" though. She then drops from where she pulled up (usually some vantage point at a good height) AND after the ocasionally occuring but never underappreciated "Titflash" at the whole battalion and enemy combatants alike, uttering the words: "LIKE WHAT YOU SEE, NERDS?",  drop kicks said meanest-looking-guy-in-the-frey. (She once almost decapitated Sanemi with her ball and also began kicking the shit out of him mid battle. Tanjiro had to threaten to kill Filipa before she locked in and actually went for the Demon they were suposed to kill)


The embodyment of unapolagetic confidence and exhibicionism

 Shes like a weird mix of a bimbo, an emo and a chad...

You better believe she was the one domming when she was "whoring herself"

Also... because Filipa had been to so many different places in japan (To be exploited for her... yummyness by sailors from all around the world who were also in search of other resources from japan) (I have no clue what I dont know history Im sorry!!!1111!!!11!!!1!1111!!!!!), due to her ADHD selective memory, she ended up memorized several of them eventually due to the frequent, long and mind numbingly, painstakingly tedious trips. So... for 30 minutes a day, as proposed by "cancer daddy" himself, for the crew to bond with Filipa more, they would all sit in a circle around Filipa, Zenitsu, Tanjiro and Inosuke included, and they would gather paintings from places where they had been and Filipa would look at one of those landscape pictures, even sensationalized ones and, like 1 out of 10 times would say stuff like: "I know that tree. East of japan. near korea. Cool beaches.". And they would be like, every time she guessed correctly: "But... but how? Where were you? I thought... what?"


*several more author notes*
I think... hear me out, that ALL characters need to be wishful mary sues in some way or another to be good. For example: what fuels filipa for me is the fact that I always wish I cared enough to practice and get good at soccer! Caleb is what I came up with because I wish I could rocket jump in real life! And I also came up with lara because I wish I... could thrive while being different

The contemporary mirror for Filipa absolutely LOVES the Baki anime

The funny thing is... she *is* psychic. But her powers are so atrophied from lack of use she doesnt care about relying on them so she just... keeps not using them! its all in her chaotic head

Feats:

She can jump 20 ft up in the air? But prefers lunging forward instead cuz.... self inflicted fall damage would be WAY TOO MUCH of a bad look!

At the peak of her powers fueled by the actually proper meals in the form of blood bags she was given while adopted at the Hashibra base, she was able to soccer-ball-shoot a few lower moons' heads off, assumed she aimed the ball propelly and there were no obstacles in the way. The ball kicked by her has achieved  a speed of 202.38 mph!

Once, while heavly motivated, ran at an avg. pace of 100 kph for up to 2 miles straight

She managed to kick down a 100 year old ALIVE Oak with a running knee

If historians had looked for it or cared, they would have found that the cyclist Remi Cavagna shared about 70% of his personality expression genes with her.

*Filipa song... rapping gently in tone before it was even a vision. She is at the lake... where she finds solace in swimming... when alone with "cancer daddy"... everything peaceful... wysteria flowers waving in the air... the bitter smell of them that Filipa is now used to*

Ive been moving in backwards directions.

During astral projections

I plaster my ass on the wall for attention.

I need faster connections

Past? its regret!

Id flash from the genesis

if I did get what my friends did!

Friends that pretend in the end when you get bit

Yo!

get quick!

get slick!

Wanna spent shit?

It all ends with a sniff, a huff or injection!

I cant handle rejection!

Stand my reflection! My scent!

No direction!

No one gets it! 

Demoninc ammounts of repression!

Should I die from sleeping in for a week?

and Remind them that Im weak?

Im shine when some guys take a peek!

so I cry from my eyes to my feet!

From the stairs to the street!

from the gutters to the sea!

So I mutter in my sleep and say:

"Sanemi never weep"

Tanjiro finds gashes.

Says

"Shut up 'fore they see"

So I holster the kitchen knife

And wait until it heals in the morning.

So every day I fight!

Fight so the pain goes away!

maybe next time...
maybe next time... 

Im luckier.
