Collectible cards: 

Adriano:
Type: Human
Age: 21 years (M)
Weight: 60 kg
Height: 170cm
Averagely built
Desc: An average boy, of average stature. Frail spirit. First card to be made. Powered by depressive melancholy. Resilient. Easly manipulated. Kind. Autistic. Easly carried away by his pessimism. Depressed easly. Has a crush on Sofia. Likes sports, but not obcessed. Enjoys maidcore. During the race with Filipa and others which he almost won, (and where he worked the most out of anyone, despite not even being close to as athletic as the rest). His frail spirit is also his greatest strength. Everything needs improvement. The kind of guy to get mocked by his teacher over not getting the same grades as a girl (which he finds offensive, despite not even being mysoginistic) and, due to how mutch of an atrocity to his individuality he finds it to be... he... just studies harder, and longer, in paralel to the tenths of other things he is slightly or extremely ashamed of and is working on. His willpower, for these reasons, runs very thin, so is easly teased. His reactions make him ashamed two fold, from his meta-shame from his shame, shame of reacting, shame of being a boy, ashamed of being a selfish loser whos never done anything productive ever (and genuenly believes it too)......... shame, shame, shame... is a covert narcissist (gets offended when getting told that, feeling rebelious angst and righteousness) Is like what would happen if the stereotypical teenage, emo, loser nerd was real. But feels like everyday is a chore. Subconsiously... "Today, this person A will like me. Person B will me excited I exist and Person C will give me compliments in class. I bet my crush will not even look at me... Im just a pant pissing, disgusting loser who thinks is important... I also did my very best to do the often unimportant things I force myself to work on for the sake of some vague sense of approval and security. "I did not get any compliments out of that. Is it because its bad? HOW DARE THEY SAY ITS BAD????!!!!! WHAT IF ITS BAD???!!! AM I BAD????!!!! AM I DISGUSTING?????!!!!! " Then internalizes it and its one more of them to the hunk of cristalized psychological waste  he collects everyday, completly missing out on  the true beauties of life. He trully does not understand life that well... But he does work hard... And when trully provoked, his righteous spirit gets tempered and all the impurities burned away, forged in a fire of the past injustices he was a target of, and also the responsible for. He has no defense. But when his sadness gets crystalized into vague and confusing, nonsensical energy, thats when his brilliance comes in. He just decides: "Fuck dem thoughts" and just gets it done. No matter the restrictions, the fatigue, the injustice or the expectation.


Jacinto
Type: Agro
Age: 20 years (M)
Weight: 56 kg
Height: 164cm
Strongest physically (explosivity and cardio).
Desc: A kind and empathic boy. Strong spirit. Very conscious. Pure. Straight edge. White knight. Nice guy. Hard to tease, but volatile when set off. Bratty like a child like when out of responsibility. Had a crush on Ester, although the only one to see through her.

Ruben
Type: Agro
Age: 20 years (M)
Weight: 80 kg
Height: 178cm
Average for an Agro. Very muscular.
Desc: Humble, but enjoys getting laid. Strong spirit. Very opaque. Rational. Straight edge. Jacinto's (not actual) parent. Fan of David Gogglins and Andrew Tate. Hard to tease, but volatile when set off. Not rebelious. Disciplined. Libertist by spirit, like Jacinto. Best friends with him.


Ester
Type: Psychic
Age: 19 years (F)
Weight: 32 kg
Height: 145 cm
Frail. Totally dependent on her broken psychic abilities for almost everything.
Desc: Narcissistic, sociopathic and cold. Super smart, cunning, manipulative and parasitic miniscule ball of raw malace turned into a broken shell of a person looking for hope, after suffering brain damage from an ambush done by Raquel and Filipa, who Ester abused. Shes done many things. But although the sociopathy, the narcissism and the cruelty, and now the brain damage, she trully allways felt alone and genuenly like she was the only one that ever made sense. She takes the mask, she puts the mask. She also considers exercise "boring, calory waste", which for Filipa was not even Invalidating, just kind of offensive. She could never trully keep hold of the wild, motorized, unpredictible bar of soap that is Filipa. That challenge made her go soo far into the deep end to find the worst psychological punishments possible for Filipa that, after watching her brush it all of like a sequence of crush rejections, she just gave up and started to just live close to her and... even enjoying the experience of living. She was in the dorm... heard Filipa  take her breakfast at 4 am, get done in 10 minutes without rushing and do squats in a floor below while she waited her programs to compile  (which she found so pointless and crude it was almost abaolutely fascinating). She was verbally abused and ate it all up like psychological calories. But got devastated when Ester told her "Why dont you use linked lists for that? and that? and everything else? Its like linked lists are good for everything..." It was a genuinely curious question, but Filipa had to take THAT as abuse... Ester learned so mutch with her. And still it was like she worked everyday to one day make it all end very badly, controlled by forces that, despite her intellect, simply could not begin to grasp. And... Filipa's obcession with sports and programming even made her... start... playing footbal and... change to a course "made up of mentally ill, loner weirdos with fucked up bodies and absolutely no life" . After the attack, though... she ended up saved by some sailors (She was dropped into water from very high up). She suffered brain damage that left her personality and part of her cognition in shambles. But Filipa... changed her. She was narcissistic, but she decided to go through the hassle of getting a gym membership and having to start with.. walking on the threadmill for reps and lifting supermarket half a liter water bottles as dumbells. She got a job at a lab, that SHE found... too cold. She also got a psychiatrist. Deolinda. These are some of her words for Ester after she told her about the course change "Ah, Ester... the sociopathic, detached, hermit, hateful, parasite... I say this with all the respect in the world but... look who is talking... It should have been that way... why do you even like chemistry? Its just because its a habit. Thinking about the demography of the course is a useless, theoretical waste of nutrients. You pay your breathing bill just to live life like a typical person... you are not normal Ester... you are not normal. You are a brilliant theorist. You invent efficient methods that work. You order people around. You are a manager, not a lab coated amateur chemist. If you want work, you need to become a mathematician. Or a security guard. Because, for you, being impulsive takes tons of work, while it is the opposite for most. You dont even need to face criminals head on. You can manipulate the people around you. Create an environment where the payload never even gets thought of. You are a natural cheater. No ruleset is defined enough for you. Being a formula 1 chieff designer would be like street sweeping for you. (No disrespect for street sweepers, though...) Yes... you are even perfectly capable of creating your own profession. Although human like me... you are something else. You can keep the crime up if you want, though... its not like anyone can stop you. Well... we could nuke you. But you would still somehow find a way to antecipate that. But to trully live, its one of these. My job is done for today. Make up your own mind, my sweet, little, evil princess." 

Tomas
Type: Electromagnetic
Age: 22 years (M)
Weight: 60 kg
Height: 170 cm
Thin, but sturdy. He had the ability to create capacitive sparks of really high power, repulsive shields and overload own muscles, just to avoid confusion.
Desc: Water flows seems to comes out from an aura around him of purity and clarity, apperaring and sounding almost metaphysical. He is what you see when waking up early in the morning, seeing rays of sunshine squeeze through the shutter holes you did not care about closing the night before, sitting up with heavy eyes and a neutral taste in your mouth, as you realize your dreams were, in fact dreams, but you gracefully let them go. Adriano's mentor, Filipa's and Raquel's crush and the one to be able to keep Ester in check. Views curiosity as "Hedonistic cope" and reading as "The last useless cope before true rest". Aware, raw and honest. Professional cyclist and college student. His limbs move fluidly as he walks undisturbed during periods of almost psychotic levels of concentration. Nothing escapes his grasp as he non-judgementally observes his surroundings and passivly gives the people that surround and notice him in his silent, lukewarm, but easly approchable default state, the kind of peace which is what some people trully need in this life. He is curious about Filipa, non chalantly giving her attention, although she interpreted this the wrong way the first time, when they met eachother for an multidisciplinary college project. She fell in love with him for his stability, his refreshing personality, his calm, non stoic, non cold, non luke warm. He is his own emotion. Its something he worked his entire life to achieve, as he believed (as he also ended up proving to himself) that there are alrernative states of mind that people can only achieve when dedicated and disciplined enough. He does not care about interests. He does not indulge in rationality, as he finds it "Uselessly inneficient". There is no music, there is no smell, no touch, no taste. He weaves through the social game touching and also purifying a world that often forgets that life is its own purpose, and that you dont need it to end there  because you can morph your body to move wherever you please, if you have the courage and the right kind of energy. That is what makes life beautiful. The slight tingles that Tomas gets as he adapts and serves and pushes himself in moments of simply human catharsis and ambition, getting poured into bottles and even weirdly shaped containers, is the only stimulation he needs.

Raquel
Type: Agro
Age: 20 years (F)
Weight: 75 kg
Height: 180 cm
Thick limbs and core. Never botherer to get rid of bodyfat.
Desc: Work, work and work some more! Dependable, stoic and dad vibes. A guide for Filipa and her murder buddy in the attack against Ester. Practices Jiujitsu. A bit of a tomboy. Fun is a complement of work that is a complement of fun. Very disciplined. Filipa was resentful of her until Tomas opened her eyes. Helped Adriano and the Others when they went after Psych2Go. A crackhead friend of them, Santiago, was like a  voluntary scout. Agros can supercharge their muscles, have naturally super high metabolisms. Their average body temperature is 43 celsius. They produce very high levels of Adrenaline and their muscles grow very fast. Have to eat very often. (A full roasted turkey with salad and potato puré will only last them an average of 90 minutes among Agros. Raquel's agro type is more balanced tough. Makes full use of her power as she  voluntarly makes herself the breadwinner of the house. Can run at 100 kmh while piggybacking a 60kg person) Is blunt, but reactive. 
Initially enjoyed Ester's presence. Does not understand art, or the creative process at all, prefering to focus on things that are tied to goals and objectives.

Joana
Type: Human.
Age: 20 years. (F)
Weight: 67 kg
Height: 168 cm
Thin but strong build.
Desc: Strong, compassionate and dependable. Participated in the race with Duarte and Sofia against Adriano and Filipa. Filipa's one of many crushes. Beat Filipa in the first sprint and, although Filipa needed 1 more gear for it to be fair, It would be close either way. Devoted to nurturing Sofia and being her soul doctor. She thrives of duty and enjoys helping. Knows how to be reliable, but

Duarte
Type: Human.
Age: 19 years. (M)
Weight: 76 kg
Height: 170 cm
Desc: Intuitive type. Does not apear as the thinking type, but feels way more than speaks. Considers philosofy a waste of energy. Likes spilling energy everywhere. Party goer, but not indulger. Rugby federate. Parents wanted him to be a doctor. Considers life simple, even for sad people. "The answer is right in your hands.". One of Sofia's soul nurses.
Kind of a jock, but also not a toxic one. Wishes everyone would just "get him". "Nerds are cool people, jocks are cool people. I like sports and parties, he likes computers, she likes movies and theater stuff... He thinks watching porn is the only thing he needs to fully contain the cruel waves of reality life incessantly tries to knock him down with. Hes not a degenerate. He is just stubburn. She hates men. She is lonely. Our world has prejudice everywhere. Everywhere. Whoever does not believe me, wasted their life asking the wrong questions. People are also capable of discipline, planning and helping each other. But it feels so hard to validate ourselves. Humanity hates itself. Its like everything is our fault  we are dumb, we are narcissists... No wonder... if we want it to be true so bad. Lifes simple. Just accept it."

David
Type: Human.
Age: 18 (M)
Height: 165cm
Weight: 60kg
Built like a very athletic high school kid. Currently, has visble abs lanky arms, and really strong back and neck muscles.
Desc: Trains like a Mechanic. "Do I need big arms? Lets grow them. Do I need to work more on my left because currently I look like the fucking charger zombie from left4dead? I want to go for a  cycling race. Lets allocate more for cardio. My opponents... I cant stop my opponents tackles in rugby. Lets do some carries and situps for this week. My legs need to rest. I need to work on my techical prowess. Tactics dont do themselves." This was before falling asleep, last night. He is pragmatic to a fault. Even though he is attractive. The girls find him obcessed and weird. He often feels lonely, although without any of the usual regrets or resentment, as he does not see the need for unecessary style or softness. He got forced into therapy because his parents are afraid of how mutch he pushes himself. Tell him to "learn how to have fun, please my son! We are worried! Its okay to rest!". They fear he is taking everything too seriously and might collapse eventually. He tells them "I know. But I rest in the shower, during meals, during sleep, when cleaning my room... whenelse can I rest?" They see him come home everyday devastated at his devastated state for not being able to do X, Y or Z yet. His coaches tell him "Im afraid to play him! And also pity him! He does not banter with anyone! And is perfectly integrated! He just does not care! He allways looks desperate for something and completly exausted and... somehow... allways has something left in the tank! He never gets frustrated at anyone! Only himself! If only our social relationship allowed me, as a coach of a highly competitive team, to praise him... unjustifiably..." He tells them : "I thrive of despair. I dont know who I am. Neither do I care. I face the biggest challenge I can, with the expectation of being completly humiliated, Destroyed, overwhelmed. I rebuild myself. I get shattered into dust, only to coalesce, made a new man. I do this, until I solve the current puzzle. After that... who cares. I also dont really smile. I never feel like it. I also dont know how to really relate to any of them. I dont understand them. Who are they? Why do they pity me so hard? Improve, adapt, overcome, right? What am I doing wrong?" Showing off bores me. I dont work on reputations. I work on raw ability. I compete. I dont ponder or revolt. I just adapt. I study... enough. I eat precisely what I need. And indulge in my darkest wishes when no one is around too. I am just someone normal, after all."

Filipa
Type: Psychic
Age: 21 years (F)
Height: 174cm
Weight: 80kg
Very built lower body, meh core and low-meh everywhere else.
Desc: Excentric and energy pumped, with bipolarism when it comes to deciding Hedonism to the alternative. Has incredibly coehrent and smart moments (when feeling like it) and one brain cell moments as well. Wants to be a mother. She is plotting for that goal everyday. Autistic. Clumsy. Obcessed with solving problems and Football. Let me tell you her story: There is this girl called Filipa. She is 20 years old. She is the average height for the age. She has really strong legs due to her hyperfixation in working them out. she has an above average core, and really high endurance. She is not resiliant, nor gritty. She is rubber like. Psychologically, way more mature than common sense may lead us to believe. Carries herself like a child on her third life. Has autism, is clumsy, if she really has 3 lives, her impulsiveness did not tone down 1 bit. Most of the time, she just looks like a goofy young woman who is completly unaware during formal settings. Trips all over the place. Is clumsy. She loves 2 things: computers and endurance racing (with body. Not cars. Gets pissed off when people she is introducing herself to confuse them). Easly teasable. Easly stressed. Low defense. Very blunt. Low self awareness. Creative. Loud. Playful. Flashy. Non conforming. Easly mistaken as naive. Has psychic powers. Cant control them very well. Used to be good, but then got rusty. Flashy in terms of demeanor, personality, tastes, words and hobbies. Dismissive of her own appearance. Wastes potential there. Has blue eyes, black chest level hair, surprisingly, no dark under eyes, due to unexpectadly healthy sleeping habits for a 2020s bedroom programming, restless, hyperactive autistic girl. Thick legs and core. wears hoodies in summer. Comes of as irrational. Listens to sewerslvt. Enjoys challenges. Independent, Inflexible thinker. Straight forward. Bisexual. Had a crush In everyone in class for almost all of middleschool.
Unreasonably resents her rigid, although caring parents. "Im right until I feel like admiting otherwise. I just "conform" when I feel like being left alone". Has kindness for everyone, all the time, for this life, the three previous ones and following. Very observant. Carried a childhood full of teasing and denial of individuality, but everyday wakes up thinking: "Lets do this".

Arab CEO
Type: Human
Age: 27 years (F)
Weight: 70kg
Height: 167cm
Built like a healthy person, but that does not really exercise mutch.
Desc: Like a mean Raquel. Suffered discrimination in her country, came to Portugal, worked her ass off, developed hatred towards everyone and everything and makes it everyones problem. Hates life. Attempted suicide several times. Sees no value in what she is doing, but feels forced to perpetuate the hatred ingrained in her. A resilient woman who overcame discrimination and hardship in her home country. She built a real estate empire out of determination and spite. Managing her company with a stern demeanor, she projects strength to mask her inner turmoil. Fueled by bitterness, she harbors resentment, particularly towards those she perceives as having an easier life. Despite her success, the fortress she built is a facade, hiding a deep sense of meaninglessness and despair. The continuous stream of suffering weighs heavily on her, and she struggles to find answers in a world that often feels surreal.

Boyfriend #1
Type: Human
Age: 19 years (M)
Weight: 68kg
Height: 175cm
Built like an athletic highschool kid who runs alot. Has visible abs carried by a thin, but sturdy body.
Desc: Cocky, clever and untireable. Stoic optimism is his communication style. Filipa's cocky, idiotic boyfriend from the 3v3 game episode. He was Filipa team's fullback. And Filipa's cum dispenser during the threesome with another girl in the aformentioned episode

Girlfriend #2
Type: Human
Age: 19 years (F)
Weight: 56kg
Height: 171cm
Athletic, nimble and flexible. Thin, but agile. Looks nerdy.
Desc: Filipa's neurotic, self hating and codependent, idiotic girlfriend. One of Filipa's teamates in the 3v3 Football game episode and the other threesome buddy. Came 3 times during said threesome.
Intelligent, caring and generous to a fault. Religious. Abandonment issues. Borderline, crazy ex. vibes, but with not even nearly as mutch toxicity.


Mafalda
Type: Human
Age: 18 years (F)
Height: 160cm
Weight: 70kg
Built normally, although somewhat chubby.
Desc: Energetic, curious and logical to a fault. Her appetite for knowledge and indulgence on science traps her in an inpenetrable and cold wall that protects her from the world cruelty. No trauma involved, she is just made like that.  Warm, but hard to approach at the same time. "Hello! you look nice today, Mafalda!" "What did I do to look nice? Are my looks the adequate ones? Should I try to work on anything?" Her curiosity knows no bounds. Shes like a japanese Scientist. At first, her peers allways hate her. Allways with the better grades, always with the insightful comments. But when the tough moments come... She is fervent, but detached. Her innocence pours ou of her eyes and face. Everyone suddently starts cheering. The cynnics take some time but they all eventually fall for her childlike charm. Is a soccer manager at a local club. There, she puts all her energy into the beautiful and poetic puzzle that is HighSchool Football. She stays awake all night thinking about strategies. She manged to start inventing some unconventional ones. But that is due to the sheer ammount of research she does, as she is not the type to typically think outside the box. She gets this twisted, but playful grin when she comes up with something. Her brand of football is one giant experiment, although too focused on the collective, which frustrated some of the more flashy players.


Tipo
Type: ?????
Age: 30 years (???)
Weight: 120 kg
Height: 230 cm
Built like a scaled up humanoid that looks like a female weightlifter. 
Desc: Red eyes. Adriano's useless Hedonistic fantasy. Very Hedonistic, very playful and very sexy. Has no other qualities.




Psych2Go
Type: ?????
Age: 200 years (???)
Weight: 100 kg
Height: 190 cm
Looks like... idk like a Psych2Go cartoon, the one with spikes for arms and a huge fishbowl for a head. Also spikes for legs.
Desc: Immensly powerful (Abilites include: Close to omnipresent, The fluids from its leaf can be made into any object she knows ( and I mean any. I really mean any. Garbage cans, katanas, buildings, phones, food, footballs, Nuclear warheads, animals, gaseous clouds, even straight up stars... Just gotta have enough of it and the required imagination), Teleportation, her entire body is a self-healing organ and is totally descentralized, doing everything. So, to kill it, you need to obliterate it, or cut through the seed in the head. ) smarter than Ester. Evil. Manipulative. Persuasive. Clearly, understands how easy it is for resentful humans with unfurfilling lives to participate on unproductive and wasteful vendettas, as she used this to rapture several teenagers and turn them into sketchly modified abominations to, almost, take over the world. She was killed by one of them... 

Lucia
Type: GMH (Genetically Modified Human).
Age: 26 (F)
Weight: 90kg
Height: 180cm
Has steel bones. Every cartoonish idea the average 12 year old has ever thought to implement in own body was experimented one her. Has 6 extra organs ( including one stomach, two Psychic Genrators in the head and artificial muscles in one of the legs.)
Desc: Tragic, unjust, cruel... she was a punching bag all her life. First abused by a sociopathic boyfriend for 9 years. Then... Psych2Go came knocking. She was """""Rescued""""" without him seeing (to gain her trust). Came back after 3 months of many, many agonizing experiments and surgeries. She was then motivated to brutally murder her boyfriend. Got help from Psych2Go to clear the evidence. Catharsis was the flavour of her relationship with Psych2Go. Quickly regretted this non decision as she started to be abused by her Master and forced to do obscene things to people. Killed many. Then... one experiment was suposed to make her the crown jewel of Psych2Go's fleet of freaks. The experiment went well (Well... not for Lucia, as she had 100 of her bones replaced, with no concept of hygiene or pain supressants, one of her eyes bursted as the Psychic apparatus got swollen to a point it took too mutch space. She ended up still atractive somehow and thats because Psych2Go enjoyed... watching her... And, in the same surgery, that eye got replaced by an artificial one. She decided to assault Psych2Go and succeeded. 
Is currently learning the meaning of life without regrets or a master with her buddy, Martim. "I might just put you out of your misery if it turns out impossible, do you understand? But either way, you would still be my best ever friend."


Martim
Type: Cyborg warrior
Age: 2 years (-)
Weight: 100 kg
Height: 169 cm
Titanium bones, Artificial Muscles and carbon fiber skin weaved by specialized machines.
Desc: Understands and does everything human except... empathy... aaaaannd self awareness. (Obviously...). Loves killing. Is currently being worked on by Lucia to be given a consciousness. Loves killing, but also lacks the self agency to do it on his own.

Soraia
Type: Human.
Age: 17 years (F)
Height: 167cm
Weight: 75kg
Chubby, red cheeks. Almost fat, but feels hard to say it.
Desc: Tragic, Unjust life and still smiling. Resilient. Her fun is helping. Her passion is connection. Does not ponder frequently. Was born with a never-seen-before neurodevelopmental disorder that causes generalized, agonizing pain and substantial cognitive difficulties in logical intelligence, abatract thinking and spacial awareness. Clumsy, with supportive parents. Although she was the hardest victim, she is the one who motivates her parents to work harder. Her smile gives her traumatized mother hope and her exausted dad energy. She is the social type. Her bones are brittle, but her spirit is the one of a Rinnocerous. A gigantic, sturdy, gentle, gracious puppy who just cares about playtime and worktime. Learned to be both resourceful and compact with her energy and strength. Does not victimize herself. "My favourite game is: "Dont give up!" if I ever want anything, I wont do anything else until I get it. What else is there to do? Getting sidetracked is hard and makes hurt and I dont want to hurt." The boys in school feel sorry for her. "Bro, do you know that chubby girl who just sits in the bench behind a window after class?" "The dummy one that gets all the attention from teachers?" "Yeah! I would really like to just talk to her, you know? She has this security in her eyes. She just seems so naive, yet so rational. She ... just does not waste a single breath on useless crud like us, you know?" "Yeah bro! if there was a school of life, she would be top of class every year..." "And if she was at least attractive... LIKE BROOOO! IM SOO TIRED of narcissistic princesses! But they know how to seduct... And Ill even prefer them over the chubby one anyday too..." "Man... the world surely is cruel..." "I may never see anyone like her ever again..." "Bro dont say sad shit! Lets play football!" "Youre right... lets go! (But its true...)"

Jeremiah
Type: Human
Age: 45 years (M)
Height: 180cm
Weight: 75kg
Built like a middle aged man.
Desc: Old, wise, honest, experienced, worn and torn, touched by every sensation and every kind of person out there. He smokes and drinks, has ugly teeth, dresses out of fashion. Has spoken with a Czech youtuber that produces content about electronics. Both the scientist and the scientist of life mentored Adriano for some months. Anyway... Jeremiah is also stoic and has, wife and a daughter and son. He is a family man, enjoys banter and loves his job as a plumber. His vision is not deep. But it is incredibly wide. He is able see new approaches to almost all concepts present in everyday folktalk. Detests hedonism while not looking down on it at the same time. Enjoys writing and teaching his kids various things. Has no particular interests. He is a plumber, but could have been a doctor, street sweeper, nurse, engineer... anything that does not necessarly require obcessed devotion he can do. He is like an anti Filipa. He does not obcess or indulge, simply pondering and appreciating instead.


Deolinda
Type: Human.
Age: 70 years (F)
Height: 200cm
Weight: 80kg
Built like a goth, female slenderman.
Desc: Ester's sociopathic psychiatrist. Deolinda is rational. Very rational. Has an IQ of 230. Ok, this is supposed to be more of a personality thing, but just look at one of the fits she usually takes to sessions: hair dyed black with some grey parts left off, gold necklace with a diamond, rolex watch, black blouse with a dress, this dress is also black and the skirt reaches the ankles. she wears the kind of high heels you almost need like a week of practice to get user to, that are also black, net leggins, long sleeves, all of this making her lanky body look even lankier, big ring shaped earrings made of silver, a smaller pair of earrings with rubies and gold base, she gets her hair done by an expensive hair dresser every day, 70€ lip gloss, a gold plated, black belt. All of this while having black eyes, long, smooth hair, a serious expression on her face, a rough voice... Im sorry if I sound judgemental but this just does not sound like a therapist at all... and she is even more unconventional when it comes to her sessions. The first thing she asks the patients she works with is: "what do you want? what did you come here for?" She then has a rule: one for when the patient takes five or less seconds to come up with a response, one for 6 one for 7 and one for more. If its less than five seconds, she takes a breather and thinks: "ahhhh.... this is a low empathy one. nice."  She then makes a plan with the patient for goals they want to achieve. (all this assuming that  a straightforward, detached and engineering-like approach to self care will yield the most results) for the next two, she thinks : "Oi, mid table, mid table... gonna be a pain in the ass... but if I succeed, it will feel better". She then has a conversation to try and figure out how their empathy works, by letting them talk about their lives and trying to validate them by trial and error. She is able to figure it out quickly now due to experience. She then makes the plan with them. For the rest, she simply redirects them. Lived with no consciousness for her entire life, dedicated only to becoming rich. She then was almost choked to death by one of her partners (victims) while asleep and went into a coma for two years ( 56 to 58 years of age) She woke up with a weird personality. She did not even like jewelry until now. And decided (maybe from the bridge that her unconscious built for her, making her mind aware of the clinial emvironment she was surrounded by) she wanted to make people thrive. But never saw it in the pure, altruistic way. She viewed it in the "Look dumbasses! This is how you make someone thrive! Idiots..." And she was good at it. Even for some really rational folks... " She thinks and demands soo fast... but it always feels just within reach. She pushes you... like a drill seargent. It was magical. And also a nightmare. The expectation and skyrocketing rates at which I wanted to evolve... and the expectation... and was not even from her... it was from me" She also currently drives a Peugeot 106. One dialogue exchange she once had with a pacient: ""There is a girl called Ester. She is 19 years old. Has low height for the age (145 cm), weights as mutch as the average 12 year old girl. Is cool like ice, seeing everything as a machine made of Sets, vectors, graphs and logical premisses. (Does not like to admit it). Lets get to the point: She is a cheating, prototypically narcissistic, abusive, blunt, scheming, cruel, cold ass bitch. Some force of even greater evil decided to even give her broken ass psychic powers to top it off. Diagnosed with her narcisism and sociopathy at the age of 5. Way too smart for anyones well being. Does this in the most disgusting and disgusted way possible. Ok here is proof and example of the given statement: One day when she was still 16, she woke up and remembered she had a grudge against this girl who once got a slightly better grade than her at organic chemistry (she was already taking chemistry engineering in college). And it was against
that specific one because she was "kind of a pain to manipulate". she then flies to her house,( which is like a normal person sprinting for 20km straight), is spotted inside her room by the parents, and, while the hosts are breathtaken by the shock, she takes a sigh of frustration, lowers all the shutters all the way, walks up to the father, slaps him in the face, kicks him in the nuts, does a judo throw on him. Before the mother can make a call, she hijacks her mind, slams her into a wall has hard as she can, putting her unconscious and bleeding.She just broke the fathers back and the mothers skull. then rewinds their memories, puts them in an unconscious state controlled by her, makes a small cut in the mothers wrist. Then, tilts all the paintings in the hallway and dumps all their bottled water. After that, spits in the fathers face, then thinks: "I want some brain omelet!" grabs the mans head and slams it so hard into the marble covered floor it bounces and makes a meaty "thud!". it starts bleeding. Then leaves." Has long orange/blonde hair, black eyes, wears opulent clothing, carrying herself covered in jewelry and makeup. Has a babyface, and a body that makes her look like she is on 3 hp. Has bags under eyes. Has a boyfriend that she enjoys "Entertaining" herself with. Does not understand "working out" as it "selects dumb people". She can somehow allways get away with only comming up with solutions for problens that only fit the specific situations she finds herself in. She has reality at the palm of her hands and we are all merely convenience items." *tsk* *tsk* *tsk* ok, where should we begin, Ms Ester?"

Misty
Type: GMH
Age: 15 (F)
Height: 165cm
Weight: 90kg
Built thin with artificial bones and muscles. Muscular. Can run at 70 mph. Can create plasma blasts. Can sit perfectly still for months when feeling like it, waiting for a target.
Desc: Genetically modified bratty sharpshooter created by the lab that also spawned Psych2Go in order to right their wrongs. (By spawning another freak). Although she is GMH, she was worked on with sanity and decency into consideration. Raised as a spoiled brat (she was made in a lab). She is playful, difficult, unrully. Often banters in her intercom with her co-workers who are just trying to get business done on tight deadlines. Got a few shots on target, during the fight, where Raquel, Adriano, Filipa and Ester and some others joined forces to take down the thing that raptured a dear friend of Adriano, Diana, which was futile, as Psych2Go only has 1 very tiny weakspot. "Daddy somehow thinks bullets solve everything... So american and dumb... My dad is such a bum..." ( Jacinto and Ruben were introduced during this time by a trip to Torres Vedras by Ester.) She is caotic and navigates the battlefield like a 10 year old playing GTA V free roam. She enjoys it too.
She Carries a Denel NTW-20, a knife and a berreta 9mm and can also carry over 50kg of other things and still run at full speed.



Sofia: 
Type: Human
Age: 20 years (F)
Height: 160 cm
Weight: 60kg
Built like a compact tank. Very strong, althought without very visible muscles. 
Desc: She was the catalyst for the race with Duarte and Joana against Adriano and friends. Her family's running theme when it comes to personality is arrogance, disdain, Narcissism, ignorance, expectation. She is a difficult person to love and hang around if you dont have her trust. Her parents made her take up multiple sports and taught her to always look down on those "inferior". This, combined with her academic prowess, which made her a constant destination of praise and special treatment from her teachers and the adults around her. She was allways "special" and "perfect" from the very start, never being trully cared for or seen for her individuality, but for the various   useful jobs she had potential for. To say that she was lonely would be to be naive of her situation. She had 2 friends. 2. Joana and Duarte. Duarte was kind of a jock. Joana was seen as the typical perfect, reputation first, good grades having, class rep, kind of student. And they were also target of discrimination. The peers of this trio wanted to see them as the emperors. But they were more detached from the pack than any other group in school. Let me just say this: You dont have the right to outcast anyone out of spite no matter how bad you may feel about yourself. Its infantile and also destructive. But, fortunately, Joana and Duarte were all that Sofia ever needed for connection. But her upbringing made her judgemental, cold, disrespectful and spiteful. Where she proved herself, was in PE and emergency situations. She forgets everything and instantly becomes a cog in the machine, instantly filled with a desire to be, although competitive, also useful, nurturing and stimulated. From the unhealthy obcession her parents had of making her a star, she eventually learned some cool shit. Im kidding she is a genius. Cycling, MMA, snooker, Ping pong, Chess.. She s done it, seen it, worshiped it. She does not trully care about winning, as it would cut her true social life quite short. She pushes her oponents to their limits and makes them grow. Also her teamates. "Ok, if I cant have friends outside of sports, maybe I can have them INSIDE!" But when out of competition, she has no willpower, having enough depression to need being physically taken out of bed. Her parents know this, but they dont care. Duarte and Joana yearn for the day justice will trully be brought to Sofia's life. A moment during the cycling race: "Joana: Queres saber porque é que a Sofia que foi a vossa casa e a  Sofia que vês à tua frente são tão diferentes, Filipa? Ela é overachiever. Ela quer competir com todos no seu melhor estado e isso inclui ser genuinamente solidária, positiva e inspiradora com todos à sua volta, e quer fazer tudo o que é possivel para não se esquecer das alturas em que pôde fazer desporto. É assim que comunica. Mas é obcecada por performance. E, por causa disso, dá tudo o que tem quando mais importa, impressionando e nutrindo todos à sua volta, alimentada por um espírito competitivo incansável. Mas quando acaba, o silêncio mata-a. Quando não está a treinar, come, lava-se e cuida-se a esforço. Tudo envolve fricção quando não envolve competição. Sente-se vazia e confusa, e descarrega isso noutras pessoas. E o mais triste é que, desde que foi condicionada pelos seus pais a ter este nivel de fome, ninguém mais a reconheceu. E as pessoas que a conhecem agora não sabem quem ela realmente é. Nem os pais, nem os amigos, nem ela, tu ou eu. Os professores dela, com os quais ela muitas vezes desenvolve relações parassociais, descrevem-na apenas como "aluna exemplar", "uma máquina", "Genial", "Muito à frente", como se descrevessem uma peça de tecnologia chique, nada mais que um autómato. O mundo enoja-me às vezes, sabes?"

Re
Type: Mutant Wanderer
Age: 18 (????)
Height: 200cm
Weight: 50kg
Body is skinny, humanoid resemblance, with visible ribs and very noticeable shoulder blades. Heart pulsating is noticeable. Infinite endurance (barely metaphorical).
Eyebags. Cheekbones visible. Black eyes. Messy hair. Dirty,  somewhat... scratched, loose, but not revealing clothing.
Desc: It walks, walks and walks. In an alternate dimension, outside the common world, everything is in shambles, as a nameless, invisible phenomenon made everything into a rubble instantly. 30% of people on earth died immediatly. Mutants, some friendly, some harmful to humans, started appearing out of nowere. This is one of them. It can speak, think and feel, like a human. Some could conclude: "Those 30% of people turned into mutants!" Only 200k have been spotted so far. Its been 3 years. The human population was around 30 Billion and growing at the time. It does not add up. It wanders, and wanders and wanders, getting by with barely any food, that he has lots to choose from, as Wanderers are extremely omnivorous. They walk slowly, as their minimal intake only allows them to do so mutch. They are stoic, reserved, and, although they learn speech the same way we do, and are on par with human culture, they barely speak. Even to eachother. Prefering to make eye contact and mildly growl. But this one has given an interview to a scientist. This is how it went: "Do you have a name?" ".............Re....."
"Have you eaten any humans? Or tasted human flesh?" "No." "Are you curious about it?" "C-...Curious... N- No .... *grrooooaaaaahhh*....." "Were you human before?" "No." "Can you speak japanese? If no, which do you speak?" "Italian, Turkish, Polish, Hindu, English" "Thats alot... and... succinct." "What moves you? Do you have goals?" Re thought for some 10 minutes, while staring at the scientist, not blinking once. Even then thw scientist tried to interrupt, it just did not respond. Then... this is what it had to say : "Buildings, broken glass, ruble, stray dogs, dead bodies, fallen leaves, Butterflies and Fog. This is my life. I travel, and travel and travel. I see. I camp near the hospital to get studied by other humans that do not look like you. I live in this world, outside what other Humans, Wanderers and Mutants alike see, where... the beauty never ends. Where nothing has meaning but everything has worth. I am enough and I deserve, so until otherwise, I go, go and go. With the sun setting over the quiet, still, calm, dark and chaotic city of Paris, I sleep. My wonds dont hurt, no matter how mutch I scratch them. I am hungry but I dont need any food... My body is already big enough to exist, so why grow... This girl... this human took care of me, thinking I needed her. She got attached. Then, due to ignorance, I did not know how to leave smoothly, so I left her. I am still waiting for the day the right words come to my mind to explain to her why I left. We were best friends. She was young. But already big. I never laughed, but she did. And then, unexplainably, I liked humans. My existence is lukewarm, but my spiritual pantry is full of colour. I can survive on mere calories on such a desolate world. Life is beauty and life... is its own meaning."


Ana
Type: Human
Age: 13 (F)
Height: 156cm
Weight: 56kg
Rather normal build. Nothing out of porportion or of the ordinary.
Desc: Re's beloved "best friend". She is curious, a natural ponderer and deeply attuned and attached to the worlds many beauties (including Re). Re's presence as a mentor revitalized her as a growing child. Her parents are still alive and trust Re's presence, although they became resentful when it left "It could see so mutch... was it not born with compassion?! It left our baby!!!!!". A natural philosopher, is dismissive of the practicalities of life, prefering to fuse with everything she likes, by learning. She wants to be a traveller that learns about the various cultures spread around this now desolate world. Stepping her heavy boots on broken glass, cracked and broken cement and walking across the forgotten and once prosperous woods, she, with her parents' approval, gets by by going as far away as possible from home and staying wherever necessary, allways doing chores or work in return. Every month, she comes back to see her parents. When asked about a career, she answers quickly and bluntly: "I want to be a mathematician! Because they can think, and think, and think and get money from it! Im sure I can survive that way!" Not really interested in bragging or even teaching. She is like "A sponge. A liquen of the culture that surrounds me. This may sound underwhelming, but if I could, I would be a professional tourist!" I wish I could view other realities. Or even... beyond the concept of reality. I just want to see, see and think. And think... and move. And feel. And grasp. And taste, touch and smell." Allways with a cheerful smile on face as she goes through the most brutal environments, with her trusty beretta, that she allways carries a maintenance kit for, as a defense against hostile mutants and scavanger gangs. Her only passion is existence itself. And she throbbs with every new sound, every new language. Every familiar face. Her parents felt powerless, but recognized their position without complaining. "We spend our days making sure she has everything. But we can never beat visitors when it comes to stimulation. She can never be excited about us. She can only be grateful. And kids her age only care about excitement. We are too immobile for her. We have to be liberal and try not to be too nosy. Because... otherwise... she wont grow. And because... she already does not need us." As Re patiently awaits, it then answers, before taking Ana to It's rubble cave under a fallen building. "Yes." Father then says father stuff ".....Behave when Re allows you in! Right, princess?" She smiled back. And then turned the other way, waiting for Re's frail and slow pace to put it side by side with her. There goes... one more month. This moment is before Re disappeared from the sight of this family.


Fusek
Type: Mutant Predator
Height: 190cm
Weight:  200kg
Humanoid body. Steel scales cover it all and act as its skin. An strange organ protruding from its back acts as a cannon it can mold and shoot in every direction. Two huge claws in each forearm. Can run at max of 100 kmh, accelerate at 0.5g and with the agility and elegance of the Ronaldinhos and Messis of this world. Can decapitate a Hippopotamus with one running swipe. The average predator body of a predator mutant can only supply one of its plasma cannons with enough calories for it to shoot once per 24 hour period (they have two to three on average, but Fusek has only one). Fusek has a rare ability among its kind: It can turn semi transparent (being as flash as of one of those glass panels on comedy skits) for 30 seconds with a two hour cooldown. Fusek hunted so mutch it became huge, becoming the leader of the most deadly Mutant Predator pack, The Gra, demolishing other mutant packs in the region inside its territory. It kills its victims in gruesome ways. Its plasma cannon can pierce up to 2 meters of bone. Fusek was spotted surviving encounters with elephants, blue whales (it cant swim) and packs of hyennas. Its armor is 10 cm thick, its heart and cardiovascular system are as hard to cut as humanoid sized wet rugs. Its hair resembles carbon nanotubes and its eyes? Rubies! From which it can see from ultraviolet to infrared. It can run at full speed producing physically unperceptible sound.
Desc: It has no understood personality. Its just seen as a threat to everyone in general. (Like a post apocalyptic Gustav). its name is a nicknamish abreviation for something like : "Gut splitter from the gutter down under" because of the way its known that it... eats its victims.



Graciete
Type: Human
Age: 56 (F)
Height: 170cm
Weight: 78kg
Built like a war torn senior citizen. She has visible abs, a prosthetic eye and a rebuilt brain after hundreds of encounters and subsequent wounds and surgeries. Has literal jumping power of a leopard (not even saying in proportion. she produces the same jumps as leopards in terms of power and energy) from relentless training. Strong core from carrying heavy equipment around the world while running from hostile mutants and fending off Scavenger gangs from her camping sites. Has lots of wrinkles
for someone her age and considerably deep face marks from the heavy maulings she suffered from encounters with predators similar to Fusek (but not nearly as strong, fortunately) and time spent under the hot, unforgiving sun. Has green eyes, red hair with green little sprouts from the mutant plants she dared to try and eat. (She knows 10 species that she is sure wont kill her immediatly when consumed) Can run at 30 kmh,  non-stop, for miles with gear on. Learned to get by with very little food.
Desc: Nicknames: "Warrior nomadic schizo" "Shemadic pretzel" "The gutter" "The narcotic garbage disposal" "Predator predator, The Crazy Lady" "T.C.L". She has many nicknames. Predators and Mutants that know her name fear her. Fusek wants to finish her. "I LIVE FOR THE BLOOD! I DIE FOR THE BLOOD! I EXIST FOR THE BLOOD! I EAT ALL BLOOD! In this Shithole that Is my livelyhood I stand proud and unnoposed! Come get me you freaks! COOOOMMME GEEEET MEEEEEE HAHAHHAHAAAAAA!!!!!". Her husband of 27 years, that found her when she was a broken off piece of porcelan of a person, laughting maniacally as she injected all kinds of colorful liquids she found on the supermarket for fun, in the middle of the streets, with syringes crafted from broken class window fragments after sloppy, failed robberies to shops, and banks, etc. by melting them with lighters, and using remnants of hospital waste. She found this lifestile... thrilling. The stable lifestyle her husband gave her a choice to live in made her... depressed. The predictability drove her mad, becomming neurotic and pathologically reserved. When... It happened, she was finally able to break free and submerge herself in all the chaos she wanted. Learned to cope by synthesizing and consuming her own narcotics from mixes with mutant plants and common. Armed with dual shotguns that she crafted by herself in two days and  trained relentlessly to be able to wield and shoot (even while running, sprinting, and jumping and shouting instructions for hours straight, as she lead several rampages against mutants in hunting gangs. Public safety? Fighting back against the unknown? Nah. They were just complete crackheads who thought it was fun and a nicely spent afternoon!). The two weapons are named "EAT!" and "THIS!". She also carries bandages. Thats it for healing items. She trusts her less crackheaded comrades to have better medicam products for her. (    and there was a time she had to get by with her period blood alone.  ) For other weapons... she carries, two incendiary grenades, two shrapnel grenades, a knife that she is able to keep so sharp (also one of those metal things you sharpen knives with) that she is able to cut her hair painlessly with it. No ornamental acessories. Ok, she has one: A baseball cap that her husband gave her. She believes it "Wards off evil spirits, as when her husband gave it to her, "her entrails and guts cried under the warmth and confort" the hat "gave them"" . And a beretta (those things are sold like apples in this world. Everyone has one.). She lives running frantically with her gangs from dangrous terrirory to dangerous territory looking for the "Toughest pieces of live meat" she can "fight with". Her obcession with chaos make any attempt at mental health treatment impossible as it... never gets done because... it is not necessary (according to locals when interviewing scientists that are looking for her, for intel about the mutants she fights). Re is terrified of her. Filipa in our world dreams of her when in very joyful periods in her life.

Isa:
Type: Human
Age: 20 (F)
Weight: 59kg
Height: 168cm
Build: Has big breasts, exercises regularly, although makes sure to not build any visible muscle, does mostly... just squats.
Fit: wears reserved clothing, wears those weird inverse funneling pants that I dont feel like looking up the name of, that are wider on the bottom than on the top. 
Desc: Is enrolled in the same school as Ester. Is her self proclaimed best friend. Enjoys getting over with teachers to get better grades. Enjoys showing off jewelry that she buys from the high end job she got even before college. Enjoys praising colleagues to "build networking, sis!" Considers, as a biomedical engineer, art "for clowns" and music "for depressed emos" and psychology "lazy people lies". Considers people with dyed hair "Goth freaks" and people who simply wear black frequently "Depressed emos". Had an abusive mother and with zero fathers, that she admired and who enjoyed living with as she "was so wise and smart". She often represses her own emotions, as she not even allows herself to throw the usual fits narcissists throw because it would "ruin my reputation, babe!". "I gaslit a child into believing they are gay. Then gave them the 10 required steps to start hating gays." "I made them learn how to make their intuitions be quiet forever because they were denying my wisdom at the moment!". One day, she was in bed, the usual constant mental battle to not crucify herself, as she battles being lonely, narcissistic, having no real friends or any real emotional support besides shallow praise from the complete strangers she has as co workers and friends, feeling like "hmmm... is myeloma tasty? way better than... shut up! your beauty sleep isng over yet sis! gotta slay 24/7 all day sis! 27/4, 356 a day, 24 a year (as she right now cries with loud whaling and painful screaming that she cant even hear herself produce, as "In Affliction" from Yakui the Maid plays in the background.) . She once spread a disease the lab she worked on was experimenting with at the time  that was suposed to be sold to the saudi government as a torturing device, in the campus she studies at , because "the fatty one got away with it!"  what, you ask? "She did not greet me this morning, and then she got a better grade than me!!!!". At night, all she can see is herself surrounded by millions of insects and inside a videogame. In the day, her enemy set is converted to the complementary of herself. at night, the colours invert as the pain drowns her thoughts, emotions and... Ester is the only one that, even if Isa is not aware, gets her.



