Recovery for the butthurt

Visionário ou esquizofrénico?

Pedi ao meu cão que me chupasse um pouco da minha medula ossea

salivating for a violent relief

stimuli responding hunk of meat

Ill sleep on the grave (Komak the Maid)

nothing is ever useless or boring for the creative

I went on a rampage because all my friends kept dying

I am a social butterfly and enjoy sucking blood out of my prey like one too

If my song was a life, it would be awkward and glitchy like rejection

I am only attached to what is important to me

I am the realest one on all my fake worlds

School shooters are never wrong, although they could have better aim.

Girls are like roses. They look good, sting until you bleed and make you want to come back for more.


give me a genius and I will give you a weirdo

I was forced to care by an uncaring family

I dont understand emotions so I became a poet

I am not fit for seriousness.

I m kinda cool, I guess.

Lies.

Why can't people just exist in peace?

There is a point where just adapting will not solve anything

no simple answer

Disappointed her once. Got dropped like a turd after some brazilian feijoada.


wasted 2 hours going to the church with a model with main character syndrome


Im powered by melancholic rumination and intrusive thoughts


People teased me like a bull in a portuguese Tourada and neglected my right to be an indivudual all my life. Why cant I do the same? Just be thankful I am not violent and just a softie.

the shadow of Pedro is relatable. People were inspired by him just existing. so light up your black charcoal like souls! 
- is this a real story  or its something you just made up now
- Its something I believe in
_)i likr the write up( the part of not letting what youve been through  change you)
im so sorry you went through that does people are assholes

- I can do it because I can catch myself steering away. I invest a lot of effort into being self aware. Its not magic! I worked for it! But what the hell is making me keep going, that I do not understand yet. I call that god
-i wantwd to type an emoji  but then i justt noticed you have no emoji .but why?
do you think i have main chartercter syndrome????

why do you care? Yes I do. So what? But just a detail: those are just words written. are they projection? just a simple reflex because I may be hungry? the deepest and most pure though I ever had? if so, what changes? I dont even know how deep I was thinking



just wanted to know if thats what you think of me ,i mistakenly read what you wrote about the last tjme we went to church  i taughg you liked it cause i asked you after the church service . if you wrote them that means you taught about them


Sometimes, people are in bad moods. And these are my notes. You stepped into a landmine. You got hurt. Im sorry ok? Its just a reflex I had due to loud+ hungry+ hofaultmework going badly. Its not your you read that, you know? That was uncalled for.Arent you also full of landmines when your day is going badly? I enjoy being with you too. I mean what I said. And said what I meant. 


tfw the problem isnt that you dont work hard enough. you just suck

being considered dumb is bad. Not being listened to is worse.

Freak thing
