So... I was in fucking class right niggas? So... in the day before, some loser, greasefaggot roasted my writing with no nuance, tact or even reasonable arguments whatsoever when I posted a piece in my CS degree groupchat for mixed subject students. Anyways... My writting is  very distinct: its atmospheric, very imagery based... where I try to use my brain as an infinite satchel to produce a stream of lyrical packets, improvising on the fly. I dont use that many conjunctions... as I feel like all my writing prowess comes from a more flowy and organic approach to structuring my ideas. Ok: I write a stream of consciousness like a tcp connection right? The more elipses I have, the more I am struggling with describing the mood accurately, which adds to the experience, as I want to make it feel like an engaging, raw experience. Its like high levels of ping, like cassete tape static, like CRT TV fuzzy scanlines. But... I dont just use elypses: I play, very deliberately, at least when not necessarly breaking anything down logically (At that point my writing is rather conventional), with sentences with varying length, elipses, exclamation points, full stops and alternating speech like this:*Character A says* "(Character A speaking)" "(Character B speaking)" "(Character A speaking)" *may add subtext somewhere... to indicate action, a third actor appearing, the second actor interrupting, the first character continuing, etc.*.... it continues until the quote contained and asterisk contained setences stop. I control the pace like this: Lots of exclamations: Fast and urgent. Lots of full stops: Decisive, firm or stern. Elipses:  ethereal, uncertain or with subtle emotion being conveyed. commas: inside setence pacing (I use it like programming parenthesis to control how I associate related things in the imagery that the sentence is adding to.). And I know its unconventional... but the guy was an absolute ass about it! He said my writing gave him anneurisms, that only "Certified Writters" like Saramago can do it, all of this while other people were online and witnessing it all. My god... my writing so personal... being violated like this... I dont understand.... I dont understand... I dont want to accept that some people can be so mean without... lik- Then I tried to calm him and everyone down, right? So... I am from Portugal, and my favourite football team is FC Porto, right? Ok: I tried to play it cool "Hey bro! O que importa é que o Porto vai ganhar né?" *I assumed he was gonna play it cool too. But then he said:* "Ya mano... é preciso existirem as cidades do Porto e Benfica (Other peers helping me calm everything down mentioned Benfica SLB too)... Senão não havia droga no país..." Like... my god! Get some fucking help dude! Ok so bitches... I was fucking, goddamned in the fucking fucking physics fucking class and this fucking loser MARCIO, WHO is a bitchass bitch of a shitnerd INTP with his STUPID Si, that pisses me off to the moon, like... I fucking hate him... I want to be his friend but he does not give jack crap about his Ne!!!! use your Ne!!! you are in a loop, dipshit!!! The shit you say is hurtful! And stop being such a fucking emotional dud!  Try to flare up! I know. Its like telling me, an ENTP, to just "Git gud at money", but its gnawing at my sanity! I want to stop talking to you, but cant because you already began getting vulnerable with me and I would just prove your "Unlikable" insecurity "correct". I know I should not interrupt the teachers train of thought... and I know this may just be anger that just sprung up... you dont mess with anybody ok? You are not unlikable and you have worth. Many things are not your fault. You dont need to fix anything people criticise. Im sorry for being mean, and Im sorry for having third slot Fe and to be constantly calling you "too blunt", because that is equivalent of you to call me "A mess". I know... I know.... I KNOW! I KNOW! I KNOW! But Its unbearable! I need to explode! I cant fixate! I need to expresss! I need to levitate! Not stagnate! I need to dance and utter metaphors everywhere I go like a flowery puttery bubbly fem brained boy! And also to compliment people using the strengths I perceive in them... but your manosphere bitchass bitch of a mindset is gnawing... gnawing mercilessly... it pisses me off I hate when you speak like a manosphere loser! I hate it with my entire essence, you shitty, shitnerd of a heart of gold.
Im sorry Marcio... but... youre not ugly. Youre not dumb. Youre just a bit of a hardheaded, brainwashed, hopeless and wounded guy who is unaware of how much society tries to ping pong you around... it also... gnaws... at you.
By the way... these two losers are not the same. Is that clear?
Like... no. The other guy is just irredeemable. Just dust it off. Marcio... has to be handled with surgery plyers...
*Sigh... anyway... The teacher has the same MBTI as Marcio. She is a woman and she is a high 30s to high 40s INTP. But she said that people at that grade should just be expected to "Know" the perimeter formula. So I fucking broke. I was like... to myself: "HOE? WANNA GO? FINE! IM GONNA DEMO AND DEDUCT YOUR BITCHASS BITCH OF A FORMULA USING ONLY HIGHSCHOOL KNOWLEDGE! NONE OF THAT 5th GRADE BUSINESS! YOU TELL ME I NEED TO GO BACK TO 5th GRADE IM SHOVING YOU IN A LOCKER! I DONT CARE IF YOU ARE A TEACHER! IMMA FUCKING DO IT! CALL SWAT! CALL PJ! CALL GNR! I DONT CARE! ILL BREAK YOUR MENOPAUSE FUCKING BONES; HOE! IMMA DEMO THAT BITCH RIGHT NOW!"


SO... First I need a dictionary  because I suck at Latex:


Vector A = A->
Integral of f(x) with respect to x = Integ(f, x, x)
square root of x = sqrt(x)
x squared = sqrd(x)
delta x = delta(x)
derivative of f of x with respect to x = Der(f,x,x)


Alright... Ill add more as I go on:


First: Im gonna pull out difference in vectors.

Imagine a circunference with radius "n", right?
Lets draw a radial segment we will represent as v->.
Then... another one called u->.
both have length n.
Then imagine a circunference drawn centered at the origin of a 2d, orthogonal and squared out plane,
Axis' will be called "cos" and "sin", to represent angles.
Its basically a polar coordinate referential.
ok. What we will do is:
v-> makes an angle A with the cos axis.
u-> makes an angle B with the cos axis.
the angle between v-> and u-> is , if we spin from v-> to u->, B-A. lets call B-A=C.
If we make C infinitely small, then the subtraction result of v-> and u-> becomes an infinitely small side of a regular polygon that encapsulates the circunference with infinite resolution.
Ok: Now... what if... we keep spinning that thing around, adding up all of those infinitely small segments? What will happen is... we will get... "Ruffle the drums" The perimeter!!!!!! The shit we wanna do, because the teacher pissed me the fuck off! Anyways...		
What I will do now, is slam the whole structure's "lower side" (its the combo of an angle and two vectors. lets say the lower vector is u->) to perfectly overlap with the cos axis. then... what happens? We can say that we can take that small angle structure thingy, (ok we will call it a "slice")... and if we turn it like a spy in a movie using a laser "compasso" to slice a glass pannel, summing up all those infinitesimal slices, we will get the perimeter! Not the area! Because we are taking the subtraction angle... an infinitely small subtraction, and turning it.

So... the norm of the subtraction vector is = sqrt( sqrd(cos(C)) + sqrd(sin(C))) * n. (Im not gonna do the algebra. Its a pain to do it in notepad so fuck off. But it comes from "sqrt( sqrd(n*cos(C)) + sqrd(n* cos(C)))"

Good so far?

what happens if we integrate the fucker?

First of all: can be extracted by simply putting it outside the sqrt as a degree 1 monomial with coefficient 1.
why did I complicate saying that so much? Because fuck you fucking asshole From group chat. I would doxx your name, but I am too sensitive to be the same asshole that you are. Because...
yes. The bitch princesses you complain so much about are mean. but they are just super exausting, not straight up assholes like you. Anyways...

What is inside the sqrt? I mean... what is the whole thing? its... 1. Its 1!

So... we need to integrate it in order of C.

So... the perimeter based on C will be = Integ(n*1, C, C) = .... (ruffle em hoes) n* C! 

Ok... here is the fun part: what happens... if we plug C in as 2pi? by the way... know what n is? 

GOOOD BOY!!!! ITS THE RADIUS!!!!!!

Know What this whole ass thing will tell us?

Perimeter is n * (C=2pi) Which is............... 2pi* n.

THERE! DONE! I FUCKING DID IT! Im sorry teacher if I blurted anything harmful while I was doing this in class but omg my life had been such a mess for the past week.

Bye every1!!!!! <3<3<3<3<3<3
