I found something: The reason why Conventional, social extroversion correlates so highly with Cognitive extroversion: So... in my understanding, cognitive extroversion is leveraging the environment immediatly around you to fuel your thought process. it can include dialogue, "reacting" (mind the quotes) to external stimuli and formulating quick plans for action with as much focus on the present moment as possible. Extroverts need external stimuli to keep their brains running and their personalities adaptible and flexible. They tend to get hit the hardest by periods of, either self-imposed (i.e. Depressive episodes) or externally imposed (i.e. COVID-19) isolation. Their minds stagnate, they get neurotic and cynical about their immediate circumstances and they either begin getting abnormally needy for validation, pushing everyone away, both of the former or almost completly lose their motivation to act on any kind of external demand due to an introverted grip. For example:
The Youtuber LucasTracyMMA, who does commentary on MMA and other combat sport related topics/news, is a very text-book example of an extroverted mind: he begins random tangents, changes his formulated reasoning mid-sentence constantly, readjusts his opinion based on patterns/evidence he suddently recalls/gets told and also laughs nervously at stimuly only he can see... but it happens erratically and without much attention given to it before moving on. In the specific case of Dom extroverted sensors, their thought process, very prototypically explained, goes more or less like this: *Mid verbal breakdown/problem exposition* "... So.... Oh! And this also happened... yeah so... in a way... because we also know this is a fact, and that this has been seen happen before, we can conclude that this is also true and factual and we can see it and we are able to prove it beca- OH! WAIT! REMEMBER WHEN..."
Extroverted intuitives go more or less like this: "... So.... Oh! And this also happened... yeah so... in a way... because we also know this is possible and that this is highly plausible... and we sorta predicted this last time so that thing we saw was also proof of this insight I had last night... OH! OH! Would it not be cool if this also was a thing? I mean it is possible..."
So... the reason they develop outgoing tendencies and action oriented mindsets is because thats how their brain learns to leverage its own structure to its advantage. They need to be outgoing, empathetic and engaging in their presentation and demeanour because that is how they heighten their chances of stimulation coming to them, in the form of social dialogue, and the constant self-imposed challenges guarantee they will never feel stale and will always have something new to reflect on/discuss with other people
Extroverted people (Even more typically... extroverted perceivers) are the ones that usually have the shortest active memory retention spans. Because their brains are like ribossomes, functional and always processive a flow of DNA strands in real time and in a dynamic, fluid way.
 Introverts, on the other hand, clearly separate their alone time from their engagement with the world... leading to an inverse effect, and making them tendentially secretive people about their interests, personal lives, when dealing with an introverted co-worker.

An atypical Example of an extrovert is Tomoko Kuroki.