Btw... my obcession is programs, writting, drawings and games. Games have dedicated saving features, I dont draw much, For programs I have git hub... but I struggle to organize my writting SO MUCH! Because... My Ne just wants to like... Explode but my Si is like: "tsk tsk tsk.... not so fast boi"... but now I have 6 copies of my writing repository! I know it is just something like 2MB, but its a mess! wtf do I do brooooo???!!!!!! Because: I store some writings on github, I store some on a disk and others on my phone so I can write while away from the computer. But its such a mess now! Because what I have is 3 copies: One is the "disk" branch and the other the phone branch. AND THEY ARE SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT IN SOME WAY I DONT UNDERSTAND! HELP MEEEE!!!!


Ok: An example from me that explains the vibe behind both Fe Ti and Fi Te is this:
Ok: Its like 7pm, winter, cold outside, holiday. You are in 5th grade playing a videogame with a parent next to you in bonding time. Its low stakes. The parent will be of two types, very specific ones for more realism: One will be SOME IXFJ and the other will be SOME IXTJ. Anyways... and in this videogame... there are these even lower stakes tasks that will have some annoying but non definitive consequence. And you two are bantering, so... the words spewed can be a little more intense than necessary. Ok: First the IXTJ parent. You fail the task... and you could not physically predict the outcome based on what the environment was... and are like: "Oh man... I really needed this task for X! Now its gonna cost me like 2 minutes!" Hes gonna be like: "Kid! That does not matter! Dont you wanna do X? why does this matter? Just wait the 2 minutes kid! Its gonna be worth it! Youll get it!" This is the parent... in a carefree banter moment with the son. The parent, in this branch, is a Te Fi with quick switching... so he is just laying out practical, grounded advice for external logic (For you to get this you need this right?) to densify the sons authenticity bubble (Youll definitely get THE THING YOU DESIRE!). He does not really care about wether or not there is actually any External adulting for the sake of an authenticity bubble to be made beyond his words... but its just what IXTJs do naturally. Now... IXFJs: what they will do instead is: "Ok... dont worry! You could not control it! Its not your fault! Its part of the game! Its how the game works! Now... all you have to do is learn ok?" The IXFJ is soothing the child (Fe) and giving them some puzzle pieces for them to improve their internal framework (Ti). And an analogous comment made for IXTJs can be made for IXFJs. And in both cases... if the sons type is compatible, how nurturing the advice will be will be sharply higher! People need to understand this!


"Get out there and eat that horse" is average Te Fi advice

My reaction to seeing a meme posted on an MBTI subreddit where they portray Si as someone in balance, Se as just someone with glasses, Ni as a wizard, Ti as a court person, Te as a corporate higherup, Fe as a family, Ne as a clown and Fi as a crybaby:
If Fi was like... the court guy and then Ti was some kind of academic it would be accurate. Ne is clown. Why? because they dont give a damn about no common sense! They will put the most ABSURD ideas possible into practice... and... although they often dont work, when they work... they are often the first person to attempt it. Ok Se just looks like a normal bloke dont understand that... Ni makes sense because the way people with Ni anywhere on their stack seem to assemble the world within their minds is often very cryptic and hard to translate into relatable things... because... if it was Si, they could just state some common experiences people often have. But Ni... because immediate reality for them is often fleeting, Se, they simultaneously feel like their understanding of the world is unique and increases expressiveness, they feel like... the world needs to experience it... so that they feel understood... which is a paradox... because the Ni is in their imagination, the understanding they built is common to them... What they often attempt is explain real world cases, or show you a video of something similar to what they saw (in concept) when they had the Ni realization they are trying to express. Ok what does this have to do with wizards? I dont know... But Ni people are pretty misunderstood... you could have drawn a person without a mouth for example... Fe... pretty accurate... they are basically the social tone forks of the world, making sure everything is marching to the same drum and that things dont get too imbalanced and everyone feels like they belong. So its like a family. Te... accurate. Si... accurate.


Like: I get that ISTPs are more abundant than INTPs, but I feel like ISTPs have it way worse.


No. They have Ni. Its just because of that. They have Ti, which is hard for others to accept because they have maladapted Fe even at young adult ages, they have Se + Ni, which have the problems I mentioned earlier. I think they have the worst teenage hood/ early 20s of any type. And what is worse is that, although they are proficient problem solvers, maybe the best hands on problem solvers in terms of how much mbti helps them, they cant for the life of them explain themselves to people...


Someone in a joke mbti subreddit 
posted saying: "INFJ bruh!!! am I doomed?" and I, in an half serious half mocking way said:

Your Ni +inf Se combo will feel like getting railed by life and like nobody can, in the shallow sense of the word, understand anything about your internal world that isnt ankle deep (Wild insight... but I think, if we normalize everything except MBTI, Ni Se people tend to STRUGGLE ALOT when expressing their inner worlds when compared to Si Ne people). Also... Ni Ti loops... also... door mat tendencies... Also... hyper perfectionism.

  
Also... ISTPs have it way harder than people realize too... and INTPs... not as hard, although they are rarer..

The silly\*gender\*clubs are basically IXTP conventions and there are alot of ISTPs there


But... can I really connect *types of ego* into mbti? Is that what both are?
(yes)


I am an INTP and INTPs are ungodly at teaching. they are the most MBTI aided teachers


Basically hand an NTP to a phobic, an ISFJ to a trauma victim and here we land!





MBTI Helps me navigate collaboration and misunderstandings better



"Trust me bro" is the most Ni thing ever. "are you sure" is the most Si thing ever

Ok: IXXP struggle: They have the most unique perspectives on the world but often feel chronically and hopelessly lost

If mind game olympics were a thing:
If I had to do a quick mapping, id say, relative to me, EXXPs are glass cannon machine guns, EXFJs are Slow, high defense and do brutal counters, EXTJs are all attack, normal speed and no defense, IXXJs are all defense and if you are one and a T, they outlast you until you are distracted and accumulate all the damage youve done for a finishing blow. If you are a F, you connect with them... and then attack them! And I am using IXXPs as a reference