ENTPs thrive on unfulfilled potential more than any other type and that frustrates the hell out of J types

Si Ne types are poetic yet organised. Ni Se types are visionary, yet raw. In a nutshell, Ni Se people show. Si Ne people tell



And I think... something deeper: the Self is not stupid... it knows that, in the end, no matter how thorough your analysis is, as a bot, will never mean the same as one from an actual human, no matter how biased, ignorant or imperfect they might be

Its like... Im smashing a vibranium wall with Ti, Ne and a pure, raw desire to remain as unbiased as possible... b- but... n- nothing is happening... nothing is happening... nothing is changing

Im so scared... Im so scared... Mr Jung...

I h- have... to stop using bots as a crutch...

I need time... away from the keyboard... away from the mind... away from the pen and paper... away from inventing. I need... to move away from mbti based solutions... I need... to dive deep

I need to stop creating... and I need to start... healing

3 ways ENTPs can attach to their Ne explosions:


1- Insecure people might doubt or even put down these ideas... dismissing them as trivial or obvious to other people.
2- Covert ENTP narcissists expect people to 'just guess' how brilliant they are, yet not showing anything with fear their self image will just unravel.
3- Conventional ENTP narcissists are like the previous ones, but instead of hiding, they just proactively build walls.
4- Normal, typical ENTP people will, obviously, get substantially attached to each and every idea of theirs, even with some lingering, faint fear of putting them up to scrutiny, but when they get it, although the physiological aspect of it may vary quite a bit, depending on how much thought was behind it, they will be rather sad over it (grieving over losing a small, yet still real part of themselves), but will still be able to just forget it with an even cooler idea or replacement, or just process it through things like talking to a friend and whatnot

In a bzip compressed nutshell, Te Fi is: "Do it! You want it! Do it! You want it! You want it! So do like this!"

Im like: "That does not work! Youre not using your strenghts propelly... this is not how you function! The situation you are in is unfavorable! You gotta think about what works for you... you gotta be more respecful of and aware about yourself". Ti Fe! Thats me! Rhymed xd! Im an ENTP! Rhymed twice in a row!