

Im gonna make an html page with that theme. Its gonna have the song which inspired all this and a montage made in gimp of photos that evoke that feeling. Like... staying in bed awake all night thinking of the useless and the regret, Something metaphorically close to a huge pile of clothes in a bedroom that people can naturally walk around, but is neither going away nor being put away. Its gonna stay there until the end of time. No one minds it. It does not mind anyone. It just occupies spaces and makes life somewhere between somewhat unconfortable and slightly annoying.


Im going to add one picture that is completly off putting, slightly bigger than all the others, colours dont match, it has no meaning, it has no story and its does not merely scream at you, it screeches in low volume, like a creeking door in an inhabited house that never gets oiled up. Its gonna stare at you. You cannot drag it, you cannot move it, and its surrounded by somewhat blander things. Its gonna stay until you click off.



Nah. Im not gonna put organs or bones or anything like that. I mean something in the rankings of a very very messy room, a gif of an overweight kid missing a football over and over again, a window showered in stickers that also are stuck with that strong brown scotch tape, a very dirty kitchen, etc. You get it? And im gonna make it just somewhat bigger, 




Maybe pneumatosis is self hate? This part of us that does not go away and does nothing but, although not directly harmful or even annoying, occupy space and energy. An indifferent parasite. It may not go after you, but even when you need to assert yourself, its not gonna go away. Its gonna stay and occupy space in your heart, mind, body and life.

Yes... But I like that. That gas.... that air that does not even smell or taste, but does not budge for a second. The anti hero of all mental states. 

Pneumatosis... this indescribable disconfort. This soul clog, this odorless, colorless gas. Its occupying my body. Its making my joints creek, my confidence faulter, my eyes... they are close to the world but they see nothing. This mental state of dysphoria. A perfect blend of vague existential dread and self depriciation. This hesitation before doing anything. This blob of clutter. This ball of mess. This aggregate of joint chaos. Its there. And it sees me. I ask it to politely move. It wont budge. I yell at it loudly, call it names, tell it that Im better that that. It wont budge. I obcessively attempt to understand, to piece together, to drain it away, to toy with it a bit. Its a blob of gas. Im trying to play and empathise with a blob of gas. So it wont budge. I cant feel remorse, I cant feel tears. I cant feel anger or sadness. Just this undescribable disconfort. I gave up on getting rid of it long ago. Is it... the shadow? Is it trying to tell me something? Am I the one who wont listen? *Talk to them. Walk on their side. Go.*.  *You dont need a reason.* I keep all these things to myself. Im unsure what all this means. I could try stretching.... Maybe all I need is to help myself loosen up. If anyone wants to talk, this socket is all open. Ill be waiting. Yet still I am hopeful. I look forward to the day I can take a step without shaking. I look forward to when I can utter words from within without flinching from embarassment. I look forward to when I can take light breezes to my face and remain at peace. I look forward to when I find myself connected to lifes challenges without unecessary fear of failure. I look forward to when I find myself surrounded by a savana full of temperate grass, skies speckled with clouds but still lots of blue to give, where the air is pure and its allways 2 pm. As I feel the wind grazing my face, i stand connected to all the life in it, without budging from my spot, rejoicing in my ability to stay determined yet at ease. Motivated yet open minded. Warm inside. The eyes will look far but everything will feel close. Sometimes the sun rains on me, and other times its slightly dark. A tear leaves my eye as the tenths of blobs of gas start participating in my system, turning into blood. I just became... whole. Everything is alright, now. Your eyes are not constrained anymore. They are free to tremble, to shine, to glow. To observe, to react, to see, to spot, to admire. Everything will soon be clear.



how do I feel? I have tears in my eyes. I can still feel shaken violently by doubt and cluttered thoughts all over. But I see the horizon. I feel like its worth to continue. Im far from fine. But Im also alright. These are all just emotions after all. They are fleeting like clouds. I just threw my fit. I declared: "Its unfair and painful! I cannot bear it anymore!" But I now finally see a future where I make peace with all my being. Finish building all the bridges. And become whole.

More effort wont fix it. You need more time, experience and wisdom. Let it go, for now.

Decides to go back to his desk... but not to study. He decides to... "Judge, Juri, Executioner. In the battle ground, the sky ever greyer... the thunder ever louder... the mud ever heavier. As I drag myself across the trenches, my mates run around me... like feathers. As I aim my rifle, a bullet zips past my cheek... scratching it. I run back into the trench... and stay there until boss decides we have done enough pushing. I look around the trench. The smell is pungent... of death, destruction and a rushing urge to prove oneself to something bigger. Bigger than ever dream I could ever have. Bigger than any creation straight from the heart. Bigger than any ambition. Any emotion. I try and Peek back up at the front line... as I force myself once again.... deciding that this time it will be different... and that I wont get hurt again. I wont cower in fear. I wont budge. But... as I run again across the mudswamp of endless uncertainty and chaos, I, once again, decide against it... this feeling in my heart stronger every time I step out and try. And try. And try. The feeling of having a blob of gas trapped inside... just... floating randomly... the bubble being tasteless, odorless, harmless, colorless... just occupying its volume... just... existing... indescribable disconfort... indigestible fiber in my intestines... dirty venous blood in my arteries... worn down sewage in my pipes... old, frail hair clogging the bathroom sink... Trying to deflect it makes it bounce... trying to grab it? It slips. Trying to taste it... tells me nothing.  Trying to analyze it... just tells me the obvious. The roars of gunfire and the motivated screams around me grow the bubble more... and more... making it... Exist... harder. Making it... be harder. be miserable. be weak. Be gentle. Kind and sensible. Too much for my own good. Too little for it to matter. My sensitivity aching at the void. Eventually... the screams and the determination to power through... from my peers and family... traps me in the bubble... making me start to float away from the battlefield... into the land of nobody... driven purely by gusts of wind... breezes and cyclonic. The sounds becomming muffled as the gas bubble becomes hotter and denser... keeping me still and quiet. As they constantly get shot and get up... I find myself grateful I am not a part of it. The wounds on their bodies being too much to compare to my bubble. Their wounds have smell, taste, color and they need healing. The bubble protects me from all of that. The Judge states I need more effort. The Juri condemns me to eternal, futile struggle.  The Executioner keeping me in line... preventing me from taking action and freeing myself. But... something awakens in me. Suddently... the bubble begins to descend... As the sounds suddently become louder, my heart beats fast again... the adrenaline of life coming back as I decide to run to the trench again... I grab whatever I need. I dont need them. I grab my family's photo album, my pocket paid gun and my uniform... and I desert. I desert as fast as I can... ignoring consequence as I realize: "I dont need this battle". I will come back home, I will go back to my origins. The origins of my worth, my essence and my meaning. "I dont need this battle... the effort ive put into it being never appreciated... so therefore not needed... so I must flee. Flee until no one is able to see me ever again. no one except me, My family and the holy spirit"