Cute, self-centered, distant.

Adriano is a thinker in nature, hyperfixated on concluding things with as much depth and volume as possible, while being somewhat careless with his mental well being and chores. Enjoys racing games, rock, Programming and talking about life in general. Doesnt like being called emo, or a sad goth weirdo or anything smilar. Into "Church girl" and "Alt" types romantically. Likes making humurous, observant and "Technically correct" remarks. Prefers confort over presentation. Substantially hedonistic


Adriano Valente:
Age: 22 (M)
Height: 171cm
Weight: 70kg
Type: (very, very, very pure) Human.
Build: Has blue eyes, messy, somewhat damaged, weak hair, some acne marks that will probably stay,
A small scar in his left temple that will probably stay. Has average body morphology, nothing really
out of order. Is mildly thin, but with a subtle belly, due to eating very, very few, but fatty meals.
The hair seemingly changes color depending on lighting. Might seem blonde in some ocasions and brown in others.
Does not have to brush it because its short and really really curly. Also, does not have to cut it often.
The most superficial layers of the epidermy are somewhat gone from skin picking. His teeth are somewhat 
tilted and stained from living with family members that somewhat recklessly, smoked in his presence at home
as a child. His physical prowess and points of release of energy are very, very biased towards the legs.
Throw a tantrum? Flails legs around. Feels excited or angry? Goes for a run or does jumping jacks.
His ribs are a little visible. Somewhat inconsistent sleeping makes him have some dark under eyes.
chin is somewhat defined. cheeks are normal. Wears anything that doesnt draw unecessary attention. Does not really have an opinion on what he wears. Presentation is not essential
Desc: This boy is a handful. Hes been the weirdo, the troublemaker, the nerd, the wiseguy, the wholesomeguy,
the nihilist... Hes seen it all, shown it all. He is an obcessed intellectual who prioritizes theory
above practiced, consistent action a bit too much. His ideas tend to be way out there, as he is fixated
on looking open minded. Tries to engage in and currently enjoys some creative hobbies like writing, programming,
solving simple math problems in his education threshhold to keep self sharp and logical. Currently
exploring emotions. Obcessed with anything "based". Anything considered "Based" is "Main character s***". 
Does the heavy metal handsign when excited or when teasing. Tries to hide optimism when looking for connection.
A bit of a tsundere, tries to bash self until people "Think I am a good person". Puts in effort to find reasons
to respect people, tries to find reasons to care about varied things. Being caught in repeated activites
would be a damage, in his eyes, to his reputation. "Nuanced yapping". "Authentic rambling". "Vibes".
All people who he gives backhanded compliments to, insults or disdains in his thoughts are "Nagas".
Likes people with the "Alt" and the "Church person" Stereotype. Tries to come of as "real"
and "raw". Has a tendency to lose himself (and even the sanity) in thought, only to be rescued by his
more grounded friends when the time comes. Is very prideful. very, very prideful. Enjoys being in a state of
"Kicking ass" or "cooking for a family", which basically means performing well, being in the zone, feeling
authentic or being useful or supportive, which are all the things he first looks for when looking for validation.
Identifies as an MBTI ENTP. He considers others, but, due to his past insecurity about it and in an act of
defiance, tells people: "Ok. This is the good type... this is the good type.. that is the good type... IDK! I dont wann hear it!
I now am this type and no ifs and no buts! I wont change it! None of this is that important anyway!...
I f***ing hate being a tennis ball!". This is his Ti.Prides self in being goofy, colorful, cheerful, here and now and yet, ocasionally, deeply spacey and absent. Tries to find nuance in everything, both to feel like
he overcame a challenge, fulfilled and also to fuel his "open minded viber" Persona. His internal dialogue is
very averbal. Perplexed at his level of  natural talent at writing, when he basically worked on it for years without knowing,
then wondering why he cant suddently be just as good while drawing. Gets confused when people compliment him.
When overwhelmed, which is often as his constant questioning and search for answers that might even reward him diminishingly,
leaves him spiritually and mentally exausted. God. Forbid. Someone. Call. Me. Cringe. He dreads coming off as an
Emo, which he does, but is nowhere near as big of an issue as he thinks. Same thing for goth, lazy, feminine or weak.
Enjoys racing games as they are simple. Likes playing with source mod, yet unconfortable with fps games.
Plays fpss for nostalgia. His roots are racing games. In his recent search for a more open mind,
Developed artistic taste. His favourite vibes are: "Post appocalyptic, home confortable optimisim"
,"Chaotic visceral, pure catharsis". very chaotic in conversations, as he does not really care about the people who
talk to him and mostly uses them as ramps to achieve deeper and higher ideas he cannot reach alone.
Basically, if he, in a common conversation about objects, he starts going off on tangent after tangent, he enjoys talking to you.
Thinks while speaking. Thinks while acting. with very inneficient use of his capabilities, just edged out a place in a very high level college,
where he expected himself to be good at. Quickly grew as a person and is currengly trying to improve his 
organization in thought. His true vibe is always one of "Joy in regret", as he looks back into all the chaos, as if
in a bus, being carried home by a familar group of people, seeing everyone, deep inside, as potential friends
and finding it very easy to connect with well intentioned people. His wonder in regret is one that can be captured by a maid.
a geriatric maid with an happy outlook on life and with much to her words, trying not to judge or criticize. Holds a cigarrete in her hand, with her legs crossed leaning on a wall, looking into the main recess space in college after
cleaning the halls in a big building with the other maids. She looks in endearment at all the youngsters, enjoying looking at their naivety
, puffing with a sly grin on her face. "Life came for my head, so I stayed. That is victory". 
An example of a thought he is genuenly proud of: "Something people underapreciate is how complex modern technology is. We take it for granted that young people are profecient at it by design and that old people are just bad at using it because.... Idk they are old or something. But.... the ammount of buttons, functionality, settings, menus, different apps, pros, cons, the ammount of personal decisions you have to make to get the best experience, which is hard per decision you make, let alone setting up an entire system by yourself. And phones look small but they are overclocked, super complex machines that are small and pack a huge punch! And modern casual adults are going through the ringer trying to adapt and we still call them boomers and stuff. And specialized companies want to put screens on everything now! I am 23 years old in 2024 and the idea of a screen on my f***ing sofa is honestly repugnant."
a quote from him:
"In the grave, all the mental blubber wont matter. So take a chance. dont waste the only one you have."
.Gets off "being hurled" by physically stronger people. Would like for it to not be weird to physically benchmark people before having s** with them.
Has explody behaviour patterns. Work ethic is highly intense and short, with long, frequent breaks. His social regulation circuitry leads him to also be pretty explody in a larger scale: He basically is the main character who is cheerful and seemingly the most supportive person you will ever know... and then... In an extreme, 3 days for the first case and in the second case, which is total, absolute and indiscriminated isolation, followed by about 3 weeks. need help specially here because... he may get so spacey it may turn into delooloo thinking

"As I stand atop the logical fortress, looking down on the roommate screening pool, I ask myself: "When can I stop... being me?""

My Persona:

Name: Adriano. 22 (M), 170cm, 60kg. Blu eyes, curly, worn hair, some acne. No acessories. Enjoys analyzing and testing people for fun. Very obcessed with intelligence. Dislikes being seen as a drama queen. Totally is. Emotional dud. Switches fast B-twin fantasy & reality. Cute, self centered, distant. gets off being hurled, dirty and sweet talk & being analized. Enjoys racing, software, art, psychology, math. Loves being astute and asking questions. Cycles bursts of zest with long isolation spans. Introspection obcessed, 'Personality-gym' guy. Normal body sizes, except faint belly. Very needy, tsundere & nerdy Ashito Aoi. Meat camera, vibing temper shaker & inventor. Looks 3 years younger. Tomboy voice. ADD & Aspies. 