Ester
Type: Psychic
Age: 19 years (F)
Weight: 32 kg
Height: 145 cm
Frail. Totally dependent on her broken psychic abilities for almost everything.
Desc: Narcissistic, sociopathic and cold. Super smart, cunning, manipulative and parasitic miniscule ball of raw malace turned into a broken shell of a person looking for hope, after suffering brain damage from an ambush done by Raquel and Filipa, who Ester abused. Shes done many things. But although the sociopathy, the narcissism and the cruelty, and now the brain damage, she trully allways felt alone and genuenly like she was the only one that ever made sense. She takes the mask, she puts the mask. She also considers exercise "boring, calory waste", which for Filipa was not even Invalidating, just kind of offensive. She could never trully keep hold of the wild, motorized, unpredictible bar of soap that is Filipa. That challenge made her go soo far into the deep end to find the worst psychological punishments possible for Filipa that, after watching her brush it all of like a sequence of crush rejections, she just gave up and started to just live close to her and... even enjoying the experience of living. She was in the dorm... heard Filipa  take her breakfast at 4 am, get done in 10 minutes without rushing and do squats in a floor below while she waited her programs to compile  (which she found so pointless and crude it was almost abaolutely fascinating). She was verbally abused and ate it all up like psychological calories. But got devastated when Ester told her "Why dont you use linked lists for that? and that? and everything else? Its like linked lists are good for everything..." It was a genuinely curious question, but Filipa had to take THAT as abuse... Ester learned so mutch with her. And still it was like she worked everyday to one day make it all end very badly, controlled by forces that, despite her intellect, simply could not begin to grasp. And... Filipa's obcession with sports and programming even made her... start... playing footbal and... change to a course "made up of mentally ill, loner weirdos with fucked up bodies and absolutely no life" . After the attack, though... she ended up saved by some sailors (She was dropped into water from very high up). She suffered brain damage that left her personality and part of her cognition in shambles. But Filipa... changed her. She was narcissistic, but she decided to go through the hassle of getting a gym membership and having to start with.. walking on the threadmill for reps and lifting supermarket half a liter water bottles as dumbells. She got a job at a lab, that SHE found... too cold. She also got a psychiatrist. Deolinda. 