Filipa
Type: Psychic
Age: 21 years (F)
Height: 174cm
Weight: 80kg
Built like a Mewtwo from Pokemon, but with D sized tits  (She asked us to put that here).
Desc: Excentric and energy pumped, very binary when it comes to picking between Hedonism and being responsible. Has a life peppered with incredibly coehrent and smart moments (when "feeling like it") mixed with some one brain cell moments as well. Wants to be a mother and is plotting for that goal everyday. Let me tell you her story: There is this girl called Filipa. She is 20 years old. She is the average height for the age. She has really strong legs due to her hyperfixation in working them out. 
She trains her core alot because she wants to protect her baby "when it finally arrives". She has several obcessions: Programming, Physics, Football, Sex (practice, theory and... playful... exploration) and moving really fast and for very long. People who spot Filipa look at her like: "Damn....cant just stay still for like.. 2 seconds?!". She is not just resiliant, or gritty: she is rubber-like. Mentally, way more mature than common sense may lead us to believe. Carries herself like a child on her third life. Has autism, is clumsy and if she really has had 3 lives, her impulsiveness did not tone down one bit. Most of the time, she just looks like a goofy young woman who is completly unaware during formal settings. Trips all over the place. Easly teasable. Easly stressed. Low defense, but Very blunt. Gets annoyed at "Casuals" who dont fully understand the complete nuances or know all the details of her incredibly rich interest pool and internal worlds. Unintentionally insensitive. Low self awareness. Creative. Loud. Playful. Non conforming. Easly mistaken as naive. Has psychic powers. Cant control them very well. Used to be good, but then got rusty. Flashy in terms of demeanor, personality, tastes, words and hobbies. Dismissive of her own appearance. Wastes potential there. Has blue eyes, black chest level hair, surprisingly, no dark under eyes, due to unexpectadly healthy sleeping habits for a 2020s bedroom programming, restless, hyperactive autistic girl. Thick legs and strong core. wears hoodies in summer. Comes of as irrational. Listens to sewerslvt. Enjoys challenges. Independent, Inflexible thinker. Straight forward. Bisexual. Had a crush In everyone in class for almost all of middleschool.
Unreasonably resents her rigid, although caring parents. "Im right until I feel like admiting otherwise. I just "conform" when I feel like being left alone". Has enough kindness to spare for everyone, all the time, for this life, the three previous ones and following, deep inside her heart. Very observant. Carried a childhood full of teasing and denial of individuality, but everyday wakes up thinking: "Lets do this". Tsundere turned protagonist.