Isa:
Type: Human
Age: 20 (F)
Weight: 59kg
Height: 168cm
Build: Has big breasts, exercises regularly, although makes sure to not build any visible muscle, does mostly... just squats.
Fit: wears reserved clothing, wears those weird inverse funneling pants that I dont feel like looking up the name of, that are wider on the bottom than on the top. 
Desc: Is enrolled in the same school as Ester. Is her self proclaimed best friend. Enjoys getting over with teachers to get better grades. Enjoys showing off jewelry that she buys from the high end job she got even before college. Enjoys praising colleagues to "build networking, sis!" Considers, as a biomedical engineer, art "for clowns" and music "for depressed emos" and psychology "lazy people lies". Considers people with dyed hair "Goth freaks" and people who simply wear black frequently "Depressed emos". Had an abusive mother and zero fathers, that she admired and who enjoyed living with as she "was so wise and smart", until, at 13, she got left alone in the huge mansion she grew up in and got setenced to fending off for herself, even having to provide for the mother who would ask her for money monthly. She often represses her own emotions, as she not even allows herself to throw the usual fits narcissists throw because it would "ruin my reputation, babe!". "I gaslit a child into believing they are gay. Then gave them the 10 required steps to start hating gays." "I made them learn how to make their intuitions be quiet forever because they were denying my wisdom at the moment!". One day, she was in bed, the usual constant mental battle to not crucify herself, as she battles being lonely, narcissistic, having no real friends or any real emotional support besides shallow praise from the complete strangers she has as co workers and friends, feeling like "hmmm... is myeloma tasty? way better than... shut up! your beauty sleep isng over yet sis! gotta slay 24/7 all day sis! 27/4, 356 a day, 24 a year (as she right now cries with loud whaling and painful screaming that she cant even hear herself produce, as "In Affliction" from Yakui the Maid plays in the background.) . She once spread a disease the lab she worked on was experimenting with at the time  that was suposed to be sold to the saudi government as a torturing device, in the campus she studies at , because "the fatty one got away with it!"  what, you ask? "She did not greet me this morning, and then she got a better grade than me!!!!". At night, all she can see is herself surrounded by millions of insects and inside a videogame. In the day, her enemy set is converted to the complementary of herself. at night, the colours invert as the pain drowns her thoughts, emotions and... Ester is the only one that gets her , even if she is not aware.