Tomas
Type: Electromagnetic
Age: 22 years (M)
Weight: 60 kg
Height: 170 cm
Thin, but sturdy. He had the ability to create capacitive sparks of really high power, repulsive shields and overload own muscles, just to avoid confusion.
Desc: Water flows seems to comes out from an aura around him of purity and clarity, apperaring and sounding almost metaphysical. He is what you see when waking up early in the morning, seeing rays of sunshine squeeze through the shutter holes you did not care about closing the night before, sitting up with heavy eyes and a neutral taste in your mouth, as you realize your dreams were, in fact dreams, but you gracefully let them go. Adriano's mentor, Filipa's and Raquel's crush and the one to be able to keep Ester in check. Views curiosity as "Hedonistic" and reading as "The last useless one before true rest". Aware, raw and honest. Professional cyclist and college student. His limbs move fluidly as he walks undisturbed during periods of almost psychotic levels of concentration. Nothing escapes his grasp as he non-judgementally observes his surroundings and passivly gives the people that surround and notice him in his silent, lukewarm, but easly approchable default state, the kind of peace which is what some people trully need to experience in this life. He is curious about Filipa, non chalantly giving her attention, although she interpreted this the wrong way the first time, when they met eachother for an multidisciplinary college project. She fell in love with him for his stability, his refreshing personality, his calm, non stoic, non cold, non luke warm demeanor. He is his own emotion, a state of dynamic, although, almost absolute, lack of futility. Its something he works everyday to keep. He does not care about interests. He does not indulge in rationality, as he finds it "Futile". There is no music in his words, there is no smell, no touch, no taste in his presence. He weaves through the social game
touching and also absorving a world that often forgets that life is its own purpose, and that you dont need it to end there because you can morph your body to move wherever you please, if you have the courage and the right kind of energy. That is what makes life beautiful. The slight tingles that Tomas gets as he adapts and serves and pushes himself in moments of simply human catharsis and ambition, getting poured into bottles and even weirdly shaped containers, is the only stimulation he needs.