



because Ester was never really able to stand out in the combat exercises... as she was always more tactical than combat oriented, She always felt left out during her journey through Izuku's school goes here. She was quick witted, popular and respected even by the most powerful students... but her grades were never spectacular when it came to direct combat... something she felt very remorseful about. But... as she kept hearing stories about heroes and fellow students who faced Toga in the wild, she became interested at first... and then... fascinated. And then... obcessed. Himiko reminded Ester of many facets of herself: her obcession with specific people (Ester had Filipa and now has Toga), her penchant for chaos, her vulnerability beneath the bravato...) She began imagening herself at night... fighting Toga... daydreaming in class for its whole length... trying to find a way to win... anything the teachers would tell her would fuel her desire to finally meet her... as she eventually found the calling she would use to get through the system. (She became projecting that motivation onto people like Bakugo... who had a similar mentality, as she saw the idea of being interested in someone like Toga as a complicated and very taboo matter... which she prefered not to share with anyone). Although she already went to the gym before, she mulled over not being able to grow any stronger due to her skeleton's limitations... constantly self criticising due to this. But during the sleepover... she woke up... and decided to take action, leaving the social circle with her subtle, witty style... and then the interaction with hatsume mei began


*Ester mutters* "The sun glasses... I must keep them attached to my head somehow... a helmet is the obvious choice... Ill just get a helmet, thats aerodynamic... smilar to those from cyclists witht the visor on... If it muffles sound it is not too important... as I can predict if people around me will throw stuff at me... so its a compromise between environmental and social acuteness... and the lack of hearing may sharpen my psychic powers too. Ok so that takes care of my power glow. What about the charges? The doctor said that Im too young to constantly take this kind of abuse... no matter how precise and deliberate I am with my striking. I need more muscle. Both to shield myself from my blows... and to be able to witstand the high impact charges I deliver when I drive myself with telekinesis. Maybe... maybe some supplement with manganese... and iron... Something that strengthens and invigorates the bone marrow. I think it must be something that could be considered a P.E.D. in competitive sports. But I dont really care that much about that anyway... I must win. Thats all... Anyways... what strengthens the bone marrow..." *I keep muttering*


(Thanks for the compliment... honestly... when you are ready... lets keep the plot going. I wanna see how the hell Im gonna make Ester's bones stronger... thats her ONLY obstacle. She clearly has no self preservation instinct so... she just needs stronger bones. One thing that could end up happening is... mei could end up developing a drug that makes her bones stronger... but also... gives her Myeloma. She will die at an early age... so she must hurry and train so she is ready to be called up by the pro heroes and gets a chance to defeat toga)

(I think she is a mishmash between Toga's yandere-esque temperament, Midorya's self destructive determination, a unique social mask, Endeavour and Bakugo)

(And because Ester will increase her bone density AND her muscle mass... (which will, more likely than not, will have its building complemented with extra PEDs), she will overall get stronger. So guess what? she can carry armor now! She will eventually reach a point where she will be able to rely on armor! It wont be the heaviest thing in the world and... lets be fair: She would look ridiculous while only using that helmet. 
Ester... in the mirror after the anti-glow aerodynamic helmet is complete with her wearing it: "Damn... I look like a cheesy 80s female american chopper biker")

(Ester can also carry this: As she is very methodical, she will plan as much of the encounter as she can. So she will attempt to take the intiative in the fight, which is something that is given alot of thought to in real combat sports. I thought of giving her a small gun. But because guns dont really fit the MHA Honest-hand-2-hand-combat aesthetic, I will give her something mild: I can give her a small gun (fits the fact that, even for something that exercises regularly, Ester's actual physicality is still below what would allow one to easly handle something like a 9mm) like a handgun that fires .22 long rifle CO2 blanks. She will sneak up on Toga, take aim... as well as she can honestly... as Toga is very chaotic in her movement, though she doesnt need to necessarly hit her, will then shoot, which will, hopefully, draw Toga's attention, and will also force her to react to the bullet. Blank shots in this universe are not lethal by any means, but they still hurt like a bitch. Any kind of damage is bad so... as long as Ester fires while being away from Toga's sight when she fires, she can take the initiative by shooting and immediatly charging up as fast as she can for a psychic driven lunge. Oh... another thing She can also use is boots, (as she will be strong enough to wear them) With inner padding+ metal  trimming and 50's soccer style spikes in the sole), so she can take get the most out of her devastating subsonic speed flying kicks). The armor will also give her hardened materials around striking joints like knees and elbows so she can strike with those too)

Due to her unconventional gear, bakugo can say something perceptive and taunting like: "Damn girl... are you a hero or a race-car-storm-trooper love child?" *whole class snorts*

I just think its impressive just *how much* Ester is unnapolagetically trying to keep up. Like... she could already be set for life with the tactics... but she wants the whole cake!
