if I was in a superhero film, all the powers and abilities I would have would be these weapons. (and thats it) "Adriano's Weapons:

Sidearm:

The "What is it"

Class: Handgun.
Action: Semi- Auto. (Recoil operated)
Caliber: .45 ACP
Brand: Colt
Model: m1911
The "how big is it":

Mass: 1.1kg
Barrel length: 12.7cm
Mag capacity: 8 rounds

The "How powerful is it":
Range: 50m
bullet weight: 15g
Bullet speed: 252ms^(-1) (energy: 937.5 Joules)


Notes: None.

Primary:

The "What is it"

Class: Automatic Rifle
Action: Ionization charged (A mega powerful spark gap runs across iodized water to load up shots of electrically supercharged water jets)
Caliber: Each jet yields the mass of a  5.56x45mmNATO copper jacket projectile
Brand: Adriano
Model: Adriano's Ethereal Rifle

The "How big is it"

Mass: 2.23 kg
It has no barrel. But the weapon is about 90cm long
It has charge for 90 shots before reloading with (important detail) water from the tap (or water with similar solutes). Shot cadence depends on ions in water.
It leaves clearly visible trails with each shot. Works best against the undead and the paranormal. Humans receive less damage.


The "How powerful is it"

Range: maximum ever achieved in testing: 250m
Overly Complicated and cumbersome to reload, set up, configure, adjust to and overall operate if youre not the inventor of this weapon. (Adriano)
Fire cadence: revolves around 150rpm to 750 rpm (depends HEAVLY on the water used)
Bullet speed: instant. (Damage falls off severely with distance, though. Exit energy is around 15k-80k Joules. But drops off to about 10-100 Joules at within 60cm from max range.
Unnintended side effect: this weapon is better than a carbine in a way because if dropped, the enemy would get so confused about how overly complicated and strange its design is they would just give up trying to wield it
Typical reload time for a full canister of tap water (if no strange defects or practical mishaps occur): 90 seconds
The recoil... is actually not that relevant. Imagine a dualshock 4 controller vibrating... but with the exact cadence of the weapon and about 4 times the amplitude. It feels like sitting on a washing machine essentially... but for your hands.
(its oddly relaxing)

Notes: 
- basically an overly complicated Assault rifle made for no one to use except its inventor
- Like from 150 rpm to 750 rpm? If the zombies are comming the water BETTER be good lmao. but wait! *Theorising* it... will be good! In zombie apocalypses (And almost any kind of appocalypse), drinkable  water reservoirs are often more dried out... so water gets more "chargeable"! So... the weapon gets more powerful as the situation/vibe gets more dire! 
- And then its so good when you try to load it up with pure H20 and it just... makes bubbles
- Reloading is also very finicky. Cuz like... you gotta open it up, unscrew the canister, take the canister (and throw away if it is damaged), go to a tap, open the tap, connect it to the tap with the insert-nozzles the canisters come with,wait until it fills up, (Its about the same as the smallest supermarket water bottles, so.... about 100cl), close the canister, screw it back on, close the canister cover, and also NOT forget to turn on the charging circuits right after (god forbid you need to shoot your canister full of tap water but the thing isnt CHARGED) and THEN you can shoot"
With time... While adriano did not get rid of the water dependence, in a later upgrade he removed the need for screwing the canister on and off... implementing a release button on the canister and then a snap-into-place latch, reducing the reload time to, the shortest value in testing, 30 seconds.



Looks:

The ethereal rifle features:

A *non* foldable stock
A filed cut into the tip (?) of the device for aiming
charging capacitors (need to be charged. not very often tho) to power the ionizing circuitry
The circuitry is kept in a compartment just above the trigger
it features, in the center, between the metalic spark capacitance tip and the trigger, a 100cl, blue shaded, transparent glass canister that containes the iodized fluid the weapon uses as ammunition (the canisters are screwed on the weapon and are custom made. Each one weighs about 200 grams fully loaded)
There is a detacheable screw on top of the canister housing that, when unscrewed, frees the canister cover and allows it to be detached from the weapon, for refilling with the finest tap water the user hopefully has acess to. The weapon also features a diode voltage multiplier circuit running (covered by plastic insulated metal, of course) with energy from the capacitor pack in the inside of the compartment just above the trigger, passing to it, from around the canister, to the tip.
The weapon is made of metal and wood, with plastic screwed on in strategic places so the user does not get shocked.
It comes with a front grip and, apart from the small groove near the tip, there is no other aiming. (which is not really needed.. as the weapon does not really have that long of a useable range anyway

Wooden parts:

grip
Stock
Canister Housing cover
the entire length from the canister screw cap backwards is wood insulated 


metalic parts:

Electronics
entire Chassis
Canister Screw cap
the metalic rod that the voltage divider circuit is wrapped around 
The very thin metalic tip at the front so "electrons run away faster"
The canister housing screw
The nozzle that sprays extra ionized water jets into the spark capacitance tip for extra damage (Its outer diamater is thick like an assault weapon barrel. but the actual opening is tiny (the outer diameter iss where the aiming groove is filed on))


Glass parts:

the body of the canister

Plastic insulated parts:

the entire length from the canister screw cap forwards