*So... it had been 1 and a half years... and Tomoko had now found her place on the team: The lineup was the following: We had 2 center forwards: Isa and Filipa who were replacements of eachother at center forward, we had Ester as a midfielder, Together with the upcoming prodigy Tiago that would be sent to a benfica academy next season, as a CDM, then Silvia and jena as wingers, Johana as a Libero rotating between being a second CDM and being a fullback, then Jaqueo and Marcio at left and right back. During physical screening... it was found that Tomoko was not... fast. She was... a bit uncoordinated. But she was a good psychological complement to Ester's tougher approach, she was a natural leader too, very tactically adept, difficult to press AND disarm due to her in-place mobility and also... she was... *very* good at free kicks, along with a few new faces who had just joined so they could have a school club in their curriculum. Tomoko was very shy on the surface and did not really get along with Ester during practice... but she was *good* at free kicks and, in game, she was *very* good at awarding the team fowls.

So... its a game right? We are in the 80th minute... and the game is tied. Tomoko just came in, because she has very low stamina as well... and found herself with the ball. With the other team eager to score, she decides to rush in with the ball. Because she was still seen as a bit of a wildcard, everyone just assumed she was easy pickings. A defender rushed her... and, while subtly passing the ball to Isa for safety, she stepped  behind his foot so they would trip her, which they did... awarding a free kick just outside the larger box. it was showtime for Tomoko. So... now... With the opposing barrier now set up, she was ready. No one really knew her until that point... it was only her second game and the first time she was actually gonna do anything... So the referee whisteled... and Tomoko... just stood there... smirking... she raised her arm... extended her index... and pointed... implying: *Its going... that way.* Which was insane as she was left footed, she was pointing to the left corner of the goal and... the barrier was also to the left side... and it was a 5 man barrier to. So... now with us having a view of the back of her shirt... her black and white number 3 jersey (Away kit), legs spread away... she backed off... and... with a ronaldo style run up... she kicked it... and... with the apex of the curl of of the ball being ALSO to the left... the ball went in. SO then... she immediatly ran up... with Isa and Johana right behind her... she ran at the stands... and knee slid to them... running a bit more after that and then slowling down... dancing together with them after until the next whistle


They won the game.


I imagine her... in the pitch now with her new team... when she has possession, be like: "Muhahahahahaah.... NOW I HAVE THE BALL! GET OUT THE WAY SHITNERDS!" And takes those moments as an opportunity to let out some leftover rage. She gets ready... and dribbles with the ball at blistering pace. (With rather poor touches on the ball... letting it go very far with every dribble... which doesnt really matter as she can easly just knock away even some of the strong centerbacks like bowling pins like they are 5 year old children.... even hurting them. She wants to hurt them. She knows she can do it... because she *has* the ball. And, in the refereees eyes, its all just "pressing". And she loves every second)


She keeps going until she reaches the edge of the outer box... practically forming a thin needle in the teams formation... who cannot even hope to keep up with her seemingly 1 man army like advance into the enemy half... a time when she decides to shoot... and as a creator I dont really care about how accurate she is at shooting... but lets assume she sometimes misses and sometimes gets a goal

Shes like that brazillian Hulk player that is now in Flamenco. She might even share the same obcession with money... dont know seems cannon for Isa... I might explore that angle sometime later

Look at this commentary: " main commentator: "Oh... OMG look at isa! The opposition scrambles as she puts it in 5th! The number 5 Donatelo goes to press... he is looking for a tactical fowl on Isa as he crams his body into her side! But its all in vain as Donatelo falls to the ground!" Side comentator: "My god its like the backline is made of extremely smart 5 years olds the physicallity..." commentator: "Theres... nothing to say, man... just to watch..."" 