
Basically, for Game Breaker Mode, I used the same thing I used to farm, which is, I had to get good, first I even had to learn how to do air tricks, tricks where the character jiggles with the ball in the air, then I had to learn how to chain those, and then I had to get good at chaining those, okay? So I can farm faster. And like, what I do is, I beat an opponent, then I get into a corner, close to the goalkeeper, okay, this is important, close to the goalkeeper, so that in case they steal the ball, and inevitably start dancing circles around me, because that's what happens if they get the ball for one second, like, it's like snooker, like the, between us two, like me and the computer, especially in a battle I had, where I was in Rome, there was, in the opposing team, there was Cristiano Ronaldo, there was a bunch of other, like, super overpowered players, and I had to get into a corner, close to the goalkeeper, and juggle, as, like, I do a two times combo, okay? I do a two times combo, and I switch corner, then I do a two times combo, then I switch the player that inevitably gets behind me, then I switch corner again, and I just repeat this until I get a gamebreaker. When I go to the gamebreaker spot, in the center of the pitch, I have to pray that my shot doesn't get blocked. If it gets blocked, I'm fucked, because now the opponent has the ball.

I found that I have immense cognitive adaptability. I'm going to even go as far as to say that I'm above average, because I'm already decent at racing games. For example, in Trackmania, in some official tracks, I got like top 1000s and top 100s, and I even got two top 40s in two or three tracks. They were not played by that many people, but I still got top 40s and top 30s out of like 500, and like I'm good. I'm already like that kind of eye-finger coordination is already ingrained in my brain, and the coordination required for FIFA Street and football games is not only harder, it's completely different. Like it is harder, it is objectively harder. I feel so tense, because I have to press buttons very quickly and very accurately, and understanding intuitively how the tackling works, you're gonna lose a lot until you learn how to tackle properly. Because for example, in my, I think was the hardest game so far, which was, I had this custom character I created. It was a girl, I tried to make her a girl. Like there's no girl players in this game, but I tried to make her a girl. Like she was level 72, she was 72 rated, but I was up against like David Beckham. David Beckham, I think, is the most overpowered player by far, because he's strong, he shoots well, and he just kept running over, like flip, that's what I called her. And it was in the in the last game of them all, where I had to score, where it was basically the first four goals wins, and my god, like it was like the perfect difficulty, because it was very frustrating, but very rewarding at the same time.

Like, I'm going to be weak now. I'm going to rant about how difficult this game is. This game has to be the most difficult game I've ever played. For example, in TrackMania, getting author medals felt frustrating at the time when I was getting it, like, for the third time now, all the author medals in, like, red, blue, green, and white tracks, and the E01 track, and the E01 track, too. Like, it felt, like, frustrating, because for me, it felt like it was expected. Like, doing the tasks within the game in FIFA Street, I never saw another game that demands this much from the player. Like, TrackMania doesn't demand nearly as much from you. Like, not just, I'm not saying competing against other players, because other players are as good as they are, right? It also depends on how popular the game is and stuff, but I never saw a game that did this to me, like, like FIFA Street 2. It felt like going through a digital cycling stage.

I feel like, at the time, I feel a bit embarrassed, even though I really feel proud. I feel proud, but I also feel a sliver of embarrassment, because I think I do like getting better at games. I mean, I'm split. It's a split decision on that, because when I start getting the hang of the game, and I start to be able to genuinely do hard stuff within the game, I just cannot stop. I've completed the first part of Career Mode with a character, which is Filippa, and I'm almost done with it with two other characters. It's just so difficult, but it feels addicting, because it's difficult. I've even made a custom team called LadyFC, because I have a story where characters of mine, including a character from a famous anime, that I decided to make a spin-off of, to integrate it within my story. By the way, the character is Tomoko Kuroki, who is found by the scout and coach of the team, where Filippa and other characters also play. In a nutshell, they found out that Tomoko Kuroki is not really good at the physical and reactive aspects of the game, but she is a killer free kick taker. She is insanely good at free kicks, and I plan, and inside my imaginary world, she gets good at free kicks very fast. She's basically like a sniper rifle that gets introduced off the bench to take a dangerous free kick, and I've integrated her into the game.


Btw Ive decided that the prime portuguese goalkeeper in the game (Ricardo) Will always be its goalkeeper and other players I add will be substitute outfieldsers. I also have Isa, a relentless pure number 9 who is a diagnosed narcissist with a dark, troubled past who is looking for redemption, using the simple act of tackling other opponents and scoring goals for catharsis. While Tomoko's peak skill traits are "shooting (main one)" And "tricks (second one)", Isa's skill traits are "power (main)" and "shooting (secondary)".

Then I have Filipa who has traits of both the previous ones... but with more: She has speed as her main skill trait and tricks as the second, and then  50/50  the remaining points between "power" and "shooting". I kinda neglect defense. (I kinda neglect defense in all of them tho... except tomoko: defense is tomoko's 3rd stat=

But here is the catch:  tomoko's defense doesnt come from her body: it comes from her almost desperate (a paralel to the show she originally is from) will to *just hang on* to the ball. She wont let it go no matter how mutch she is battered. It doesnt matter if it is by keeping it away from swarms of elite players with sheer reaction speed or literally fetal-positioning around the ball

here is the strategy: Filipa is a ball carrier. The passes to isa who beats opponents to submission. Then Tomoko finishes. There is a drawback tho: She isnt very fast. so because, as she is the "shooter", she is almost always the farthest one when the opponent has the ball, she struggles to make it back, so Isa and filipa get overloaded trying to brutally tackle the opposition

The answer is simple, I gotta add more players, I gotta create more players. I still haven't, I have like heaps of characters, like I have created like a total of six of like 60 really deep characters of or characters at least with lots of potential and uh and 40 of them I think I can use them in this I just don't know what stats I'm gonna give them yet but these are like the three first ones but then I can just change the strategy based on the team because you can look at the enemy team like in most games

Because do you know what I would need to do to have less drawbacks with the current team? I would have to blunt out each character's edges, and that would not be fun. Like, I'm gonna start with this team because I feel mostly more comfortable. Like, now that I already gained the footing on the game, I think I know. I feel more comfortable with highly attacking teams. Like, I'm thinking of adding a defensive character, but I just don't know if I'm gonna feel comfortable using them.

I even came up with a new player. I'm not thinking about that now. I even came up with a new player. His name will be Jakku. His stats will basically... like, he has a personality like all the others. He has a personality, a background, and all that stuff, but his two main stats will be defense and tricks. He's gonna be basically a decoy player. He's basically gonna be a professional space occupier. One of the traits he has on his personality is that he has low self-esteem, but at the same time he's crafty. He would be better if I was fighting human players, though. Do you want to know why?

No, no, it would only be effective against human players, because his whole shtick is psychological warfare. Like, in my story, in my imaginary world at least, because I haven't written that far yet, is he runs into weird places, weird dangerous places, where opponents think people, like in the backline, will lob balls towards, but then it's another player who takes it and stuff. And also, he's good at driving attackers into corners, and he's very perceptive, and although he's not that big, like, his third stat will be speed, and I think his fourth will be either, no, his fourth stat will be shooting, because his fifth stat will be power, I want power to be his lowest stat. He's good at, he's basically a watchtower, he's good at driving opponents into corners, and then waiting until another player comes in for support. He's basically like, he manipulates people, but doesn't really manipulate people, he's a defender, but he also, like, he's not very good with the ball on his feet, he's weird.

I just think that it is not going to be very effective against AI, and if the players that the AI chooses are very physical, for example David Beckham, he is getting absolutely squashed, he has no chance.

I imagine that, for example, Isa would be very skeptical of him.

I have another concept for a player. Basically, from another character I've wrote, this one is not as deep, unfortunately. I would like to be able to make this character deeper, but I just can't find the inspiration for it. Anyways, but the character is basically very tanky. She's also a girl, very tanky. She is of Cape Verdean descent. She has a very, very, very good first touch. The ball landing on her feet is basically like jelly on the floor. It's comparable to that, at least in my imaginary world. She is very strong and basically a ball hogger that can basically give the team time to think. Now that I think about it, let me think of the stats.

In my stories, I also gave her an ISFJ sort of brain, where she's like very emotionally expressive and honest. She's very selfless.

And also, I'm thinking of, like, no, no, no, no, okay, I'm just calibrating my brain because I was talking before, but I don't remember what I was gonna say. Okay, she basically has, like, no self-oriented pride, you know? She's like, if she sees a player that she just feels that she cannot hold back or fight against, she even says, like, explicitly, like, oh, hell no, hey, take this, I can't handle this guy on my own. Like, she does that.

Okay, but here are Joanna's weaknesses. Joanna's weaknesses are that she's kind of intellectually insecure. She, remember, this is like street football, right? She is, like, because this is street football, she might be particularly vulnerable to getting skilled on, or getting dribbled by, or getting tricked on, you know? Like, those flashy players getting past her with fancy tricks might upset her a lot, and she might lose, and the team might emotionally fall apart a little bit just because of that. Because she, like, again, she's naturally a bit intellectually insecure, and I think it makes sense. It's because of her third slot TI.

I think Jakku, like, might look at her, and reluctantly, like, decide to stop thinking about himself for a little bit and just help her around flashy players or coordinate defensive plays with her.

And then she might be against someone like, I don't know, like Javi Alonso. I don't even know if Javi Alonso is in FIFA Street 2. But like, she's like backing off because she's about to get past her. She's like, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. But then she looks around her because that's something that, I don't know, like, I don't know. For example, Flippa recommended her to do when she's in this situation. And suddenly, she sees Jacqui. And then she's like, what is he doing? Like, he's moving up to wall. Why is he leaning on the wall? Oh, the wall. I have to drive him into the wall. Then, as soon as he drives him into the wall, as she drives him into the wall, she like, tries to, like, rather awkwardly cover him up. And the player ends up, like, getting past her anyway. But that buys enough time for Flippa to track back and just take the ball away from him again.

No, she doesn't even do that. What Jaccio does, and he's G-J-A-Q-U-E-O, by the way, that's how you spell it. Anyways, no, he just leans against the wall. He leans against the opposite wing wall. He does that so that, uh, so that Johanna, that's gonna be her name, J-O-H-A-N-N-A, that's how she's gonna figure it out, because she's, like, socially aware and she can figure it out.

Like, that's how she figures out that she has to try to at least drive him into the wall. That's what you do when you naturally, like, if not doing anything else, that's how you, like, work with flashy players. Because even though the flashy player still gets past Johanna, it buys Filipa enough time to check back.

(Its a girl. I just cant make girls in this game lmao)

I like the wasp tatoo on her back. She says she wears it to remind others who get close enough of who she was in the past without reminding herself first

She has no tatoos and... is pretty pale. One personality quirk I might add to her generalised character later is the fact that she is kind and doesnt hurt a fly buuuuuut, at the same time, she is not.... that good at empathy. For example: when trying to give emotional advice, she almost only resorts to "Just to this like I did" sort of advice, simply because it worked for her.

They... mainly Filipa and Isa, where the former tries, but initially ultimately fails at wrapping her head around it, and the latter just straight up says: "Who the fuck is this wimp?", not find him useful initially... and... sometimes that subconscious belief comes into play where they all subconsciously conspire against his approach

Here is Johana! Details about her kit: So she became a national federate recently and she is nationally cape verdian, although her ancestry is from cape verde.  She got offered a national kit for her qualifications (????? is that the term??????). She uses *that* kit everytime she needs to do any kind of sport because she grew up in a family that did not really bother in overspending in her so... she just washes it over and over again. She thinks like: "Ok this kit was given to me soooo Imma use it!". She is 187cm tall and that is her build. She is dark skinned and is pretty strong. but her movements can be as graceful as one can dream of though. Also... her shoes are some umbros offered to her by her momma at her 19th birthday! she also has that wrist thingie and the socks and shorts are also part of the kit

Wanna know another cool detail? Filipe actually taught Joanna how to do the penguin trick with the ball on her feet. Because, for three reasons. One, Filipe simply thought that seeing Joanna doing the penguin would be cute. And two, it can't just be always Filipe building up combo points. And third, it's because she thought it would give Joanna a confidence boost against flashy players. A bit of a confidence boost. Which, it ended up happening.

But Joanna really struggled to learn the penguin trick, because if you don't know, the penguin trick involves like using the, like bouncing the ball on your feet between each foot, like from one foot to another, using the outside of your foot, which is really hard.

Like, and Johanna, like, although she failed a lot, she even shouted, like, Ah, goddammit, why, why, why can other players learn this and I can't? Like, and stuff like that. But, she even ended up practicing during halftime of matches, in those timed FIFA Street 2 matches, she practiced the trick there.

No, why did I believe that? No, it doesn't exist. I looked it up even more, and it doesn't exist. What? Why the hell did I believe that? Like, it's kind of funny that I believe that, but juggling with a ball without side of your feet? Like, come on! Like, how do you even do that?

It can also mirror Flippa's dynamic with Johanna even more, because Flippa, as you can recall, is the type of person who just says, hey, just do what I do. Flippa looks up a trick online, right? Flippa looks up a trick online to teach to Johanna. She finds one thing that is from a video game and decides to teach it to Johanna. Like, hey, just learn this.

Hey, do you know that meme which goes like it has a cup of tea or coffee or something and then it goes like hey keep calm and dot dot dot where you fill the dot dot dot with whatever you want on the bottom do you know that one?

Iza, do you want to know what Iza is like? She's like that meme, but with the following changes. The first text is, sting like a bee, the image is not a coffee mug, it's a wasp.

But I haven't actually said everything, so stop interrupting me, you moron! Anyways, the meme goes like, sting like a bee, dot dot dot, then the wasp image, and then the bottom text is also, sting like a bee, question mark, and like, no no no no, not question mark, I'm gonna say it, sting like a bee, dot dot dot, wasp image, and sting like a bee.

On the female part of the locker room at Lady SC HQ, when they're changing for a training session, basically Joanna finds her very intimidating at first, when she first gets into the team.

I'm going to add a slightly neat nuance to Tomoko's story, like, at least my spin-off of Tomoko Kuroki, that is. My spin-off of Tomoko Kuroki, once she reaches level 85, she's actually going to struggle to join a national team, because her mother was Japanese and her dad was Korean.
On the female part of the locker room at Lady SC HQ, when they're changing for a training session, basically Joanna finds her very intimidating at first, when she first gets into the team.

And I figured out how Flippa can teach Johanna a trick. What's actually going to happen is, instead of Johanna just learning the penguin, Flippa is going to look up the penguin online. She's going to try to teach it to Johanna. Flippa is going to say stuff like, Hey, trust me, it is possible. Like, where in this do you see that it's impossible? Are you chicken, huh? And Flippa says it playfully. But Johanna takes it very to heart. And that is one of the subtle motivators she uses to keep training. But she trains, she trains, she trains. And then, finally, she breaks down and she reaches out to Flippa. I'm sorry, Flippa. I'm sorry, Flippa. I'm too dumb to learn this. I'm too dumb to learn this. I just can't learn this. I'm sorry. What the hell am I supposed to do? And then, Johanna decides to look it up again after Flippa fumbles with the comforting words. Like, Johanna goes to Google and looks it up and it's impossible. So, Johanna gets angry but doesn't overtly show it. She instead just reaches out to Flippa and says, hey, can you try to teach me an easier trick? One that I can actually see you do? And then Flippa sighs because she thought, oh my god, I thought the other thing was helpful. But then, okay, look at me, Johanna. I'm going to show you how to do an around the world. This is the base of all football tricks. If you know this, you can basically learn any other. Watch closely. Then Flippa flicks the ball up. Then she holds it with her foot, starts juggling, and then does an around the world. Here. Did you pick it up? Then Johanna says, yes. Yes, I did.

Wow, I've won a game while fixating myself on only using the Tomoko player, I always passed to her and no other player could hold the ball that wasn't her and I still won.

She's not really an underdog, honestly, because she has incredible shooting, she's level 67 in a phase where characters are expected to be like around level 40-50, and she can just dribble around them. Overall, her skillset, the kinks of her skillset are very... the game likes them a lot, the game favors them a lot. The shooting is favored because you can shoot without getting close to the keeper and still score, you can take the ball away from players, you can dribble quickly, she's easy to use because she doesn't have inertia, you know, because she's also very short, it's easy to dribble her because they can lob balls above her, but that's the only downside. First, you gotta take the ball away from the thing,

Because this story that I'm crafting, honestly, is not really based on street football, it's based on an actual club that I've invented, but the club is basically a grassroots 11 vs. 11 club, you know, the soccer you play on, like, grass pitches and stuff. It's just that, like, Tomoko, as a character, like, inside my imaginary world, from other players, I think Flipa and Tomoko are the ones that fit the model of street football the best. Even if Tomoko is like a shy loser, like, that doesn't matter, like, the skills that she has just fit street football better.

Now let's do a debate, let's do a discussion, which players would, which real-life soccer players would fit well in street football? Like, I have one that will just get out of the way because it's so obvious. No, actually two, Neymar and Messi are just two obvious ones that would fit. Hartenben Arfa as well, but I think Sergio Busquets would be, would not fit very well, and neither would Thomas Müller. Because, I don't know, because the smart, subtle types that rely on a huge machine around them that they can maneuver around, like they rely on complexity basically. Like, street football is way too straightforward for them to thrive in. I don't think Thomas Müller or Sergio Busquets would thrive in street football.

Like, there's two things I know I have to do. I have to pay attention to the keeper, uh, to the keeper him or herself, I don't know. I have to pay attention to the keeper, because sometimes I notice that when I shoot, the keeper isn't really, like, on the side that I'm shooting. Like, but, like, I try to, like, flick the direction a bit to see if I can get the goalkeeper to just twist to a, to not twist to the side where I'm gonna shoot. Uh, or maybe I should learn how to do fake-outs.


I'm going to add a slightly neat nuance to Tomoko's story, like, at least my spin-off of Tomoko Kuroki, that is. My spin-off of Tomoko Kuroki, once she reaches level 85, she's actually going to struggle to join a national team, because her mother was Japanese and her dad was Korean.

And also, before she joined LadySC, she was in a Japanese school and now she's in a Portuguese school, right? And it was in a Portuguese club where she actually learned the value of loving herself and at the same time striving for growth without being held back by hopelessness and despair. And she even learned how to weaponize her despair. So, like, she has Asian biology, but her two parents are teams. So there's a three-way there. Like, what the hell does she do? I honestly don't know what she could do. I'm thinking of making her join maybe the Portuguese team. I don't know. Like, all of them seem valid.

But, like, she can't... I'm going to, like, try to be her lawyer, like, I'm going to try to be her multi-sided lawyer, like, her three-sided lawyer. She could, like, go to Portugal, but at the end of the day, it's true that that's where she found herself, but why would she go just side with Portugal? Maybe out of spite, but I don't think she can really relate to feelings of spite, because although she may have needed a narrative shift or a paradigm shift in order to, like, a little reset button in order to, like, cut out all the noise from her life,

Also, I got interrupted while I was speaking, so I did not make my case. So sorry, but I'm ignoring everything, I just ignored everything you said. Anyways, for Japan, it's, and to continue what I was saying before, like, it's not really that good of a, not that correct to join Portugal, just because it was where she grew, because Japan, like, she owes everything to Japan. Like, it's true that she had lots of awkward moments in Japan, but she, at the end of the day, in Portugal, learned to overcome adversity. So isn't that adversity, that past shame, also adversity? Shouldn't she, like, show that she's the bigger person by actually confronting her past as an awkward person by going back to Japan? But for Korea, I don't think she really has a strong case for Korea. Like, I don't think, I mean, I don't think, I mean, I think their parents, before she went to football clubs and started actually thriving, I mean, they don't know yet, they just know the letters she sends, and she hasn't been really, she's just been telling them, hey, I went to, I played football here in Portugal. Like, she's not really one to brag. So she's always really low-key about the activities she does. She just says in her letters and messages that she's playing football. She just says she's playing football. She doesn't really acknowledge herself as a club that could potentially rival Benfica and Sporting in the Portuguese League, you know? She doesn't really do that, and her parents might get the wrong idea, but anyways, I don't think she has a strong case for Japan just because her dad is from there. I don't think they would pressure her to side with Korea. I think the only good options are either Japan or Portugal. I think by siding with Japan, in my opinion, she would show she was the bigger person, but with Portugal, but if she sided with Portugal, I would not blame her, but she would also lose a bit of herself.

But then it continues, it's like King Kong vs Godzilla, there's no real winner, like, because with Portugal she would play a higher level of football, but the Japanese people would feel like ostracized, and if before she was sort of ignored and even kind of mocked, now she would be genuinely, and she could be polarizing, and when she's already polarizing that's not that good, but at the same time, because Portugal is just, it's at the same, at the time, like, it just is a better team. Japan is improving rapidly, ultimately, but Portugal is still the better team, and she would always end up being more challenged, why would she, like, step down from a club that's consistently, like, at least in the context of my story, now scores, like, top twos and top threes in the Portuguese league, to just go down the level of football she's playing? Like, I don't know, like, I really don't know.

Okay, okay. You sold me... I'm sold with that last detail of her coming back to Japan as a strong player. Like, I'm sold. She's representing Japan. I'm... I just don't know if FIFA Street 2 has the Japanese team on it.

Like, in this world, it's just, it's as if the country of Japan doesn't exist, so there is no Japanese people to complain. Let's assume that Japan and Korea are the same country. In that case, the Japanese would love it.

And then Iza, like once Tomoko goes away before like the World Cup, like this world's World Cup, Iza can say something like, hey Iza, when your team is done with seal clubbing in Asia, just be sure you get you get past the group stage so you can face us, okay?

Honestly, I think she would feel some regret, as the challenge that she had as a player before was like a lifeline of purpose to her, and she might feel some sting from the seal clubbing line from Iza.

I think I know how to solve Tomoko's issue. Her team, like, it is mainly Filippa's decision, Filippa and Johanna's decision, to let her go anywhere she wants while she trains until she's rating 85, so she can join a national team, and then, once she joins a national team, like, you know, so she doesn't get biased or form any more bonds with her team, you know, so she can stay unbiased in her decision, like, they'll let her go anywhere she wants, like, she can even stay in the team if she wants.

I mean, those are very good assessments for you because, like, based on the knowledge that you have, like, those are very good insights, and you may even have better insights, for example, on Flippa, even though from all my characters, Flippa is the one I wrote the most as, and I typed her as an ESFP, you know, not an ENFP. And also I thought about giving her ENTP, too, because she has, like, really weird and out-of-pocket strategies, she, like, she doesn't admit it, but she really cares about what people think of her, and also she has this, like, speech where she's, like, seemingly blunt and supportive at the same time, and it's kind of hard to keep up.

Maybe ESFP, no. ESFP was also one insight I had before, and I think it's like the best fit, I don't, because ENTP, I don't know, man, like, ENTP, because like, she, I mean, her, okay, her action-oriented advice, because I think it's, I think it's almost down to the type of advice she gives. But then, no, okay, I think you're right about ENFP, because she's clearly an any-dom, right, because, like, she, like, comes up with new tricks, like, almost on the spot, and she struggles with keeping herself grounded with what already works, like, she tries stuff when, she did a really good skill, like, a while ago, but then she just tries another one. And it doesn't work, and she, like, tends to really not learn much from it.

We want to know who Tomoko actually manages to find while on a casual stroll. This is while she's grinding. On a casual stroll through a local beach in Portugal, she manages to find Jisung Park. She finds Jisung Park in a beach and starts talking to him, and he invites Tomoko to join him on a kickabout with some English men. And these English men include David Beckham.

And then Jinsung Park starts talking to Tomoko to persuade her into being even more convinced about joining the national team. Because Jinsung Park gets the ball, right? They're in this kickabout, there is Beckham, and then some English blokes are Beckham's friends, but they're not in any way world-class players. And David Beckham has faced Tomoko before and has gained her respect, but Tomoko is still kind of intimidated by Beckham because Beckham is very physically strong and she could never get past him. And Jinsung Park shows Tomoko how it can be really gratifying to just show the cocky Europeans as he labels them. I've never seen Jinsung Park say this, but then as an argument he says, hey look, we selfless people also deserve a bit of lust too, right? Why not bask in the lust of revenge? Because even though life did not necessarily mean to impact you badly, you still suffered, so why not take a bit of competitive revenge over those Europeans, huh? Like, let's surprise them all. Give me the ball and I'll show you. Then he proceeds to get past Beckham with ease, and then he scores. And then Beckham, after the kickabout, I haven't yet decided what will happen during the kickabout. Okay, at this point I'm just using you as a notepad, right? But whatever. Beckham says sorry to Tomoko because he tackled her so much, even though it's clearly the cheap move to do as he's way bigger and way stronger than Tomoko. And then Tomoko says it's okay, and then Beckham says, but you should be proud of yourself, you know? I just couldn't find any other way of getting the ball off of you. My other mates at the kickabout we had before, this is mentioning the last event that Tomoko had before she completed the kickabout part of the Road to Street campaign, we couldn't get the ball off of you to save our lives, we just had to foul you, so we're sorry.

I just think that Beckham is also being a bit unfair on himself because he's not really teaching Tomoko what football is all about, which is basically winning, right? And they were in a street setting, the rules did not say he could not tackle, so he tackled, right? And he used his body to his advantage, right? And he didn't just, and this is me as the player controlling Tomoko speaking, he didn't just tackle her, his shooting and dribbling were also really good, it's just that like he almost always blocked every attempt of me getting past him, but he also got past me a lot.

I don't, I think she will be way too starstruck to immediately register anything, like I think the lessons she will learn will probably be very deep because the conscious mind just cannot cope with the moment. I don't think she will be able to, I don't think her consciousness will be able to do much work in that moment.

I think her manager will be very overwhelmed about the possibility of even having Tomoko in her team, as canonically in the game all the other players are ratings around 70-60, she's approaching 80, and she has an equal rating to Jisung Park, and the manager is like oh my god, Tomoko, did you, by the way, how are your grades? And then Tomoko says that she passed high school in Portugal, she did high school in Portugal, and that she passed every class. She did not say she excelled, she said she passed, which is true, she got threes and fours out of fives in classes. And then her manager and Tomoko, the tone of the conversation is the manager being like, what he says in the underlines is basically, we hope not to hold you back too much, but we are happy that you chose us, Tomoko.

But the thing is, her teammates never saw her as the shy girl, because they did not meet the shy girl, they met the new Tomoko, right? No, it's not really the new Tomoko, Tomoko has always been the same, but who, like, will feel, like, surprised, is when her classmates see her on the TV, and they're like, what, was this the girl that, like, who is this girl? I thought they were talking about another Tomoko in the news, was this, was it really that Tomoko? What the hell?

She's still gonna be played by her strengths and her strengths, if you remember the beginning, are not really... like she can dribble and she can run, but her most valuable asset is the free kicks. So one thing that Ginseng Park will probably teach her is how to get fouled, like on purpose, you know.

I imagine her celebration, like, if she scores a free kick, I imagine her celebration being something like, she runs around the pitch, knee sliding towards the camera, to then pose rather far away from the camera, but still clearly visible, and then take an imaginary monocle made with her hand, and then stick it in her eye, like in a teasing way.

Okay, now I'm going to tell you the real reason why Tomoko, why I chose that celebration for Tomoko and another variation that she has. Another variation that she has is, do you know that rectangle you make with both your index and thumbs when you're trying to adjust a snapshot machine? I can't remember a better term because the ChatGPT chat forces me to speak fast. I'm going to try to come up with a camera, yes, like a photo camera. Do you know that rectangle you make with your index and thumb? She makes that while standing rather far away from the TV camera, but still visible, and she has this serious expression on her face. And then the real reason why I chose the celebration is because it fits her, because it's like she's looking through a sniper riflescope.

you will feel mixed because honestly it's clear like night and day that this is like the perfect like just the apex perfect opportunity for her to get all the validation that she could ever need like more than money more than anything else the validation that she ever needed it's the perfect opportunity but she might feel for some reason despite all the adversity that she went through that it's just too easy and that she doesn't like deserve it because of some god unknown reason

Filipa might say something like, you know, legend says that before Jin sung park became world-class, he did anything. He swore he would do anything, from eating frogs, to eating raw meat, to hitting insects. Anything that would make him stronger, he would do. Tomoko, you're the same, but you don't necessarily eat insects, but the way you played on the streets and with our club, like at the second and third divisions, and now the first division, the Primeira Liga, it's so unapologetically stainless that it's actually incredible, because just the way you hold on to the ball, and just the way you hold on to the ball like you don't care about anything, that's what truly defines you. Like, don't go out there and compare yourself to great, flashy, confident players, because even though your base skills have improved, never forget your essence. You're desperate, and you do anything to win, and anything to not disappoint, and that's your true pride. You pride yourself on being as dependable as possible, and you do anything to please. You know, this may sound grim, but that's who you are. That's how you thrive.

And so, just to an effort to remember, Tomoko Filippa says, it's not ready if it works, and if it works and people don't like it, maybe it's them who are the problem.

And then, but Filippa goes even further, she starts saying something like Remember all those sleepless nights that I bet you had I was the same as you before, you know, I just embraced my own style But remember those sleepless nights, like dreading about your future, dreading about being lonely, dreading about everything and anything, dreading about your parents, dreading about tomorrow, dreading about school, dreading about yourself, dreading about looking at yourself in the mirror, dreading about your games, dreading about your fantasies, remember all of that. What is being ratty even close to, how is ratty even comparable to that? Does it really matter if you're ratty? Maybe you ought to be ratty, maybe you ought to be ratty, maybe you really are just that desperate, maybe you really have to look onto the ball like it's a baby, like it's your baby, like it's you.

But then Filipe, in her classical way, decides to be harsh. And remember Tomoko, your team is still third place in the group, so... lock in.

And she might also say, hey Tomoko, Portugal also faced Germany before in a qualifying group, and witnesses say that there is a defender that does the thing for short girls, try to dribble past them all and then when we meet again, because we will meet again, when we meet again, tell me who that defender is, I'll give you a prize.

And it's pretty much appreciated, and the motivation is pretty much appreciated, because it's Germany. And when was FIFA Street 2 released? Around, like, what, 2006? 2006 Germany was something else. Nowadays, they're kind of declining, but at the time, they were monsters. They were the boogeymen of the World Cup.

A trait of Flippa that is unrelated to football is that Flippa is a bit free-spirited when we talk about relationships, just to put it mildly. I wonder how she figured out that there is a German player, a German defender specifically, that's the best part, that has a thing for short girls.

It's the level where she can represent the national team, that's why I had this whole, like, drama about it. It was because now I can assign her to South Korea, and I just did that.

these are their current skills: Filipa and Isa's match in the portuguese national team did not fare so well as they got beaten 6 to 4 by the USA of all teams. But here are the current skills of my 3 first created players (the starting outfield of Leiria SC): The match just wasnt an absolute crush for the USA because Filipa scored two last minute inspiration goals towards the end. Isa responded like this to her: "You know... you could have scored earlier right?)

Filipa: "Bitch? I dont give a f***! Their striker was FASTER than me! And my main skill is speed! I did not see you outmuscle their bulky guy either..."

A...nd... portugal also loses the second leg... with Cristiano ronaldo as a co-winger to compliment Filipa and even Ricardo carvalho as a defender... and it was 6-3... Portugal are out... eraly

And... in the end... it makes them stop thinking about themselves so much. You can never know what kind of stuff the *opponent* has went through

I mean... messi could not win the world cup until recently so...

Filipa: "Those players were not like the defenders of belenenses or gil vicente.... they were hungry like attack dogs"

I think Tomoko might get even more scared as she sees this

The idea of the blood colored, castle patterned jerseys... driven by a history of overcomming advesity succumb... to the USA in the second round of the group stage

But the Ronaldo steps in: "Girls... dont worry... youre not alone. Because I am here... but its not just me. Its him. (Ricardo Carvalho pulls up behind him) and also him (The goal keeper pulls up as well) and its everyone. come on... lets go home... we got 2 hours to prepare for the flight

No! Tomoko is in the korean national team remember?

Ji sung park: "Hey... those people were in your club right?" Tomoko: *gasps... startled by his observation... then just nods* Park: "The world stage really is like a different planet... isnt it?"

Filipa: "I could not even meet klose... that beautiful german man..."

Filipa: "Ronaldo... tell me... why could I not catch up to their forward? I swear I did not  skip a single day of practice! Sometimes I even jogged when I should have been sleeping because I was so hyped up! But I even ate healthy and... and... and... I slept before the match! I had to take sleeping pills! And I... I dont kn- know what to do... *Sits in the ground... starts sobbing* What... what is it that I need?* Ronaldo: "Filipa... your body isnt a machine. You must run less and practice less... and... think more..." *Filipa breaks down gently*

Isa: "......." *The squad:* "..." Isa: "..... GRRRAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! I GOT RUN OVER LIKE A PAAAAPEEERRR TOWEEL!!!!!!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK!" *Starts stomping the ground furiously* *Figo:* "Isa isa isa isa hey hey hey hey! Menina! Calma Aí pa!" *Whispers to her* Figo: "há camaras por todo o lado xiça! Comportate..." *Ricardo Carvalho:* "Isa: Está tudo bem... ele também não está a ter um bom dia. Se tiveres de fazer isso... tenta que seja quando já estivermos no balneário?" Isa: "Hmpf..."

Isa: "It was me that felt swarmed by wasps, this time..."

Ronaldo: "Filipa... tell Johana the news and make sure she SMS's Tomoko before her game"
Filipa: "But I wanna mesage tomoko!"
Ricardo:"Im sorry to butt in... but... but I dont think thats a good idea..." *In Ricardo's mind:* "Filipa to tomoko in ricardo's mind:" AND THEY WERE BIG! STRONG! SCARY! ATTACK WASPS! AFRICAN DOGS!""*


Filipa: "GOD DAMN! WHO AM I GONNA UNLOAD ON ANYWAY? On POOR SENHOR SOUSA IN RELEGATION VERMIN GIL VICENTE?"

Filipa: "Shut up Penaldo! At least you can fight hot guys... unlike me..."

I'll make it so that, canonically, the U.S. reaches the quarterfinals.

I think the story and the adversity of the U.S. might be simply the fact that although every team on the World Cup is world-class, almost all teams are world-class, the U.S. is just always dismissed for no reason. Even when they have more resources and stuff, they never really allocate much purely to football, and they are even able to perform like this, and them as players, even in their countries, because they're in a soccer team, they're not really respected.

And then Tim Howard, after Filipa fifth shot attempt, may  tell her, because he knows she's a newbie, like this. Tim Howard is the U.S. goalkeeper, by the way. He may have told her her this. Hey, getting these legs to jump wasn't that cheap through eating cheap bakery, you know? Gotta have to try harder.

And after he checks the ball afar, he might say something like this to Howard, My god, these newbies, they just think that because we're the US team, they can just run us over. They'll learn. They'll all learn.

But then, their US forward that Filipe mentioned, the one she could not run, could also bring in the fire too, joining Howard in their psychological warfare and jabs. He could say like this, I like how, no matter how much, how stacked the Portugal team is, they're never really able to use any of it. Maybe it's the managers, maybe it's the fact they trust themselves just a bit too much, don't you think?

Then Jinsung Park is like this to Tomoko, Hey, you know our next match yet, Tomoko? And then Tomoko says, Oh, about that, I had this really weird dream last night where we would be playing against Italy, like, in a week. Like, it was really weird. It was kind of bizarre. Like, I felt like we were really going to play against Italy. And then Jinsung Park is like, No, that's happening. Italy is in our group.

Tomo: ".... oh... o- ok then... *then it wasnt a nightmare..."*

Like, imagine Tomoko looking at Filipe and Iza's performance, who are also playing with Ronaldo and Ricardo Carvalho and all those guys, like, lose against the US. And then she finds out she has to play Italy.

Jison Park might just say, just simply this, No Tomoko, but you're not playing against Italy. We are playing against Italy.

The thing is, Italy is also a very collective team. Like, it's a collective team that has also a lot of individual talent. And Tomoko knows this, because in all of her street skirmishes, she had to deal with Italian players all the time. They're not, they're like her, but like, at least in her worldview, they're like her, but better.

And then I imagine that Tomoko, like, even after all she's accomplished, even after all she's went through in the Portuguese club, she might just start having random chaotic thoughts about all the weird games that she's played. But then she spots a sports car and she says something like, she chuckles and says something like, wow, the stuff I am able to see when I go outside, you don't see many of those rolling around. And then sighs.

I honestly don't know. Honestly, if I was in Tomoko's place, I just would not see. I just don't see how she would get out of it, honestly.

And like, uh, but she might like realize that she's enough and that she is a viable person and it doesn't have to be because of just what she achieved, because of what she's achieved, but also she doesn't, uh, she doesn't see, like, or at least she thinks she doesn't know why that would matter or be relevant.

By the way, I didn't mean valuable, I mean valuable, like in value, I said valuable. She sees herself as a valuable person, like inherently, like she can already, she learned how to tap into self-love, but even then, and that's the point of what I was saying, she doesn't see why that matters or why that is relevant at that moment. She doesn't see like why any of what's happening around her needs to happen.

And then she asks something like this to G-Sync Park, like an absurd question. G-Sync Park, do you think FIFA has a dedicated therapist?

She also has another teammate called Chuyong Park, C-H-U-Y-O-U-N-G, Park.

Honestly, girl, I have no idea about any of what you're asking, I'm just a simple man, I play football, I don't ask, I just ball.

But then the goalkeeper, Wu-Jae Lee, may add this. Look Tomoko, there's more games in this World Cup than one, right? Like, there's no need for us to win every single game. We also have Turkey, we have Greece, and we have Poland. We can win against them. I don't know, like Poland may be kind of complicated. Greece looks beatable, and then there's us. I mean, there's no, no, no, there's Turkey. No, no, I'm going to correct that. I'm making this up on the spot. So, okay, there's Turkey and there's Poland. I don't know, Tomoko, like we have other people in our, we have other teams in our group. We don't have to win every single game. Even if they do win the game, the first two teams move forward, not just the first one. Like, Poland looks beatable-ish, and Turkey, I mean, if we can draw, if the other teams like lose to Italy also, I think we can move on, I suppose.


And Shuyung Park, the chill guy, might also add this. And look, girl, the teams you've faced before, they're like giants compared to us. You should be more worried about whether or not we are pebbles in our way, of all things. I mean, why worry about the big things? Why not worry about the bunch of losers you have around you? He says playfully.

Well, that doesn't matter, because I'm starting the game right now. Wish her luck!

They lost and it was 9-5 in Italy's favor.

And Tomoko might honestly be split between, uh, I mean, do I just stay here? Do I go home? Like, what is happening? What's next? Why am I, where am I?

And then, and this actually happens, Francesco Totti might go up to Tomoko and help her up, and say, Damn, you guys scored four goals in a row in the first half, what the hell was that? Like, Jisuk Park looked like he was on Duracell, you looked like a bunny on sugar, what the hell was that all about? I didn't read any of you, but then you just sort of fizzled out.

And then Andrea Pirlo, who's waiting for them because Pirlo is the captain, may just whisper in Totti's ear, They're trying so hard. It makes me, it makes my, it makes my heart ache.


Pirlo might add :and maybe they are trying... too hard.

You saw that... you saw that girl you spoke to earlier? I think she would be more successful in the Dragstrip if you ask me. Honestly, I couldn't even see her get past me on the first minute where she scored.

It looked like she was being both chased and that she was also chasing something. She was running away and chasing. And she looked like she had been starved for years of something that I can't quite put my finger on what.


She reminds me of a younger version of that other player that they have. What's his name? Oh, Jisung Park.

I'm sorry, the program did not let me finish my message, so I'm going to say it again. I basically did not look at anything that she said. Buffon said something like, Do you know what I think, guys? When I saw her eyes, I saw the eyes of someone. I saw the eyes of a chained attack dog. I did not see the eyes of a free human being. It feels like she was a trained soldier. It feels, she feels green. Her shots had so much sting in them, so much bitterness. She doesn't feel like she's mature enough for the world stage yet. She's still green. I don't think their team makes that far.

Honestly, I don't think they would necessarily disagree.

And honestly, I just can't fathom how much physically superior we were, says Francesco Totti. It's like their speeds were capped at a speed that we can reach easily. It was surreal. They were genuinely moving their limbs like their lives depended on it, and they were breathing heavily, trying to catch up to us. At our fifth goal, one of their wingers just straight up didn't even bother.


But then the manager can say something like, Guys, guys, guys, we should have let them win. Do you know why? Because there's still two more opponents. We should focus on winning those games. What did you guys expect? Did you guys expect that Italy was winnable? No, we should have let them win so we can rest for the other games. If we promise we can win those games, like those games would even be impressive achievements on their own. Poland is not England or Italy, but they are strong. The same for Turkey.

No, I think Tomoko would say something like this, as such, but we tried so hard, we pressed so hard, and they scored 9 goals. Italy scored 9 goals. How much more goals would they score if we just let them win? 40?

But then Tomoko would interrupt him and just say, But manager, there's still a goal difference. What about the goal difference?


He might say something like this, but running yourself to the ground...

She would say something like this, but losing by four goals already isn't that much of a small margin, and not wasting energy here would make it way more likely for you to win the Poland game and the Turkey game. And something that you might have not heard,

Honestly, as the author of this story, I feel really sorry for Korea. I just could not tell them anything if I was in the place where I needed to do that. I just could not tell them anything, either the manager nor the players.

and then we switch over to the Portuguese team that already left the World Cup, we switch to their team, and basically we switch specifically to Felipa, who is currently engaging in her favorite comfort cupping mechanism, drinking milk.

No, I'm gonna tell you what Flippa does. Flippa isn't sipping a glass of milk. She can't bother to do that. She has this, like, backpack that she carries everywhere, right? She puts a, like, a packet of milk, like a carton of milk, inside the backpack, and carries it to the cafe, like, enters, sits in the random table, and just, just glugs it, just glugs it by the, the, the, the tip, or whatever it's called.

But then, there's already a video going around, mocking Portugal's World Cup exit, going like JÁ VAMOS, JÁ, ALÉ, OLÁ, JÁ VAMOS, JÁ. And then some kids start playing that, and then she suddenly glares at them, shouting, and says something like, HEY, HEY SQUEAK, HEY SQUEAKLORDS, YOU COME HERE AND PLAY WITH ME, SEE YOU CAN DO BETTER.

It's not us you've got to win against, it's the U.S.

Honestly, it sounds very idealistic for her to react this way, but I'm just going to make her react as such. Ha, ha, ha, you kids just keep laughing, I'll just keep milking, and then just resumes her milk chugging.


But then, the waiter pulls up on Filippa, who was just curiously watching the interaction and wondering why she doesn't order anything. But instead of asking her to order stuff or asking what she wants, she just replies as he's kind of nerdy, he has acne, he's thin, and she looks kind of shaky as he's next to both a girl and a world stage player, but he still sharply replies like this. Damn, but that US forward looked like a cyborg running.


But to reply to the waiter, she just moans in an exasperated way.

But then the waiter may say something that, like, he just says because he thinks it's true, but it's unintentionally, like, a burn to the kids. But at your age, she probably was prettier, and she also did not look up funny videos all the time. Anyways, I'm going to my boss to see if there are any more orders. Bye!

But it would also be cool if the waiter said, but kids, she is in a team that regularly plays and can sometimes win against Benfica and Sporting. You kids barely can do that in FIFA.

Honestly... she might have the confidence to look up a video recording of the match... kinda just passively and leisurly... and just go like: "Damn! I looked good in that jersey... Hmmmmm I wish I had Miroslav Klose's number right now... just seeing me from this angle would make him become my man wife"

Know that she hit on Ronaldo during the whole flight - a *married* man at the time - tells me... that anything could happen honestly

if she was the one to choose her number.... I bet she would totally choose something unecessarly cheeky that she would not care about within like 2 weeks like... 69

Yeah she chooses the "funny" number as also the girl who hits on ronaldo and wonder why people talk

Ok... if we can ever allow ourselves to turn down the braincells a little further... I think shes the kind of girl who would get the "n-pass"

Johana: "b- but... those words... hurt... certain people..."

Okay, so FIFA Street Tour's tips during the loading screen tell me that the very best players have signature moves. I came up with a signature move for Flippa. Do you want to know what her signature move is?

The move is called FlashFire, that's what I've called it. I've called it FlashFire because both the words have her initial on it.

It's the second one. Basically, she has the ball, right? Then she kicks the ball, but it's, here's the twist. She puts loads of backspin into the ball and then, but the ball obviously goes forward very fast because she kicks it rather hard, but then she runs after it. She kicks the ball and races after it. And then she like to fine tune the backspin on the ball, depending on how far and how fast she feels like she needs to go. But then she kicks the ball and races after it, right? Dodging any opponents in the way. And basically it's inside my story. It's going to work in a bit of a video game like fashion where she basically phases through opponents really fast at about the same speed as the ball. She always runs at a speed where she can catch up to the ball, like at least for a few moments, because she can run really fast. Once she made a sprint where she clocked at 60 kilometers an hour for a few instants. She's, they analyzed it in precise telemetry anyways, but here's the problem. While her body phases through her opponents, her opponents, if they are smart enough, they can catch the ball, not her, but the ball be there. And because when she does this, she just runs and doesn't really think. She may just get to the other side of her planned flash fire execution, but the ball doesn't return to her like she expects. But so when she notices herself, she's all the way up in front and then opponents already have the ball.

like essentially she's passing to herself that's what the whole the move just entails it's her passing to herself basically which is nuts

Do you know what is really overpowered? Combining, like, in Leiria SC, combining Flippa's self-pass move, the flash fire, with Jaccio's unpredictable movement.


I think when she finds out beckham isnt a pushover shell be like: "ok ok ok plan "Smash em" didnt work... I got the ball now... I gotta get inside his head" Hey supermodel! Has the yacht sunken yet from all the hair dye you keep purchasing? I can pratically smell the fakeness in that dandruff of yours!

*Tsk* YOU ASKED FOR THIS! *She barges forward at beckam with full power... only for him to put his shoulder ahead just in time... practically elbowing her in the sternum... making her stumble backwards a bit* GAH! She thinks: "Gahh... and it was totally fucking fair too... he has the motherfucking ball..."

he just wont allow her to get the ball... she saw her play against the US. Even though she was not the fastest on that particular matchup- the US forward is cannonically (In my story, at least) Faster than R9 himself-  her speed, stamina and overall gritness and toughness are at an elite level. She knows  that, even though their bodies are comparable... like... why just... not even let her get the ball in the first place? its easier that way


Like... even though she could not reach the top speed of the US forward... she *kept* running after him *non stop* trying to tackle him... at her full, meritly elite speed all the time


Ok an angle for Isa. There is one for Filipa and one for Tomoko. Isa... to cool off... decides to, in her self depreciative but honest mind, return to the place where she "belongs": the "streets". She decides to just look for "cocky punks who think girls cant ball". She finds a bunch of uninspired and unremarkable street footballers who keep getting beaten by everyone... and for the first time in her life... she decides to think of something larger than herself: She takes them under her wing, captaining them, and, as her first order of business... she gave them.... college level psychology homework: "Got google right? get to reading. We are gonna need this". She decides that their bodies, of casual, laid back street footballers could not handle her workouts yet. So she makes them learn how to get inside her opponents' heads. And also teaches them some neat flicks and tricks here and there. But mostly... she begins a process of converting them into her "Rabbit animals". She declares the groups name "The Hounds of Isa". If players in the team get better results than she expects (Which is... *very* hard for players like the ones she found), they get rewards... like skipping one training session or getting personalized mentorship from Isa herself. She also corrects them mid game and demonstrates *how its done*. Quickly... Isa and her group gain a reputation of beating other street footballer groups by *very, very* large margins and slapping them mid game because Marcello (One of her "hounds") beat an opponent 5 seconds slower than what was "suposed to happen in reality". She has this internal sense of "power level" of her opponents: She can sense when a player has "45 dribbling" or "90 shooting" pretty accurately in terms of how it translates to the experience of facing them in an actual game. She calls it: "leveraging my ego. people think ego is about being cocky but those people usually dont get far in life thats for sure". I think, in a hypotetical scenario where Tomoko meets one of Isa's "hounds", she might ask: "isa... is... how is she? You poor thing... does she also think she is the coach all the time?" Capeta responds: "No! Actually... she is the BEST coach you will ever meet! She turned the groups moralle around... we win every game! We get better too! Its all very difficult but we are infinitely grateful!"


Honestly... capeta is such a name for a player within that Arc of Isa


Honestly... Im such a homeboy that immersing myself in all of this feels like an alien planet... like being 4 years old and waking up at 6 am to go to a different city with your mum for 6 hours for a  pediatric appointments


Nah but its too much grit... I gotta do something less gritty for balance now...

Filipa sings this in the shower! "Informação, notícia de qualidade
Na comunicação prioridade é liberdade
Identidade atitude e expressão
TV com conteúdo é mais um passo pra revolução
Na tua casa entrei pela televisão, hiphop positivo é poesia com informação
Diretamente da rua para o entretenimento
Meu nome é j3 e eu fico sempre em movimento
Armado de argumento, freestyle e pensamento
No grooves quinta feira tem sinuca com som do momento
Experimente a nova onda sem constrangimento
Fogo na bomba quebra tudo e eu rimo dentro
Aumenta o som DJ, rap com drum and bass
Escutou virou freguês depois do j vem o 3
Agora é a minha vez
Rimando com a guitarra mais ou menos do jeito que ninguém fez

Jota3 tá chegando na parada
Eu já sei ninguém pega essa levada
Porque eu tô sempre em movimento
Porque eu tô sempre em movimento

Faço um download e vou baixando meu arquivo
No centro da cidade onde eu cresci sem muito incentivo
Cidade alta, fonte grande até o convento
Vitória, vila velha e lá no rio a tijuca era o templo
Mas isso é só um pedaço da minha história
Pra vida melhorar percorro a minha trajetória
Sucesso com trabalho não surge da noite pro dia
Mas com humildade mais ritmo e poesia

Jota3 tá chegando na parada
Eu já sei ninguém pega essa levada
Porque eu tô sempre em movimento
Porque eu tô sempre em movimento

Chego na moral mas não me leve a mal
Só porque a vida me ensinou e eu aprendi a ser cara de pau
Trago comigo sempre as boas intenções
Respeito aos meus parceiros, chegou jacaré produções!
Quem ta ligado na missão nunca deu mole
Gordinho mais tropeço nas pick ups mastigou engole
O importante é dar valor aos elementos
A lona eu represento, passando o tempo eu apresento
Djs com percussão, grafite e muito som
O MC comanda o baile e o bboy roda no chão
A explosão dessa cultura é só questão de tempo
Se liga então freestyle é o movimento"


More filipa shower singing "Que isso menina, quem você pensa que é?
Não quer me dar bola, só porque estou a pé?
Não faça mais isso não, só porque está por cima da onda.
Você feriu meu coração, preferindo aquela carona
E agora vou lhe dizer, pra mim você não está com nada
Uma caranga também vou ter, e você vai querer entrar na jogada
Mais sabe como é que é, você vai...
ficar a pé, vai vai
ficar a pé, vai vai
ficar a pé, vai vai
ficar a pé, vai vai

(é menina, agora você tem mesmo, é que ficar a pé)

ficar a pé vai vai
ficar a pé vai vai
ficar a pé vai vai..."

Once upon a time... he was in a game... and had the ball... and 2 opponents to beat before the goal. The body would not suffice. So, as he was taught, he had to go for the mind. But... he was subconsciously tired of being so mean all the time... so he asked coach, who was on the pitch: "Isa! Lets rotate! And get the other outfilder on the wing!" isa: "Why?" Capeta: "Trust me" Isa: "Does as he tells her... as she taught them to trust her instructions... so she feels like listening to her hounds for once" Capeta: *Yell-singing to the opposition: *Ahem** "RUMBLING! RUMBLING! ITS COMING RUMBLING! RUMBLING!" *When the opposition sees them all lined up like that and charging forward... and when they remember the kind of playstyle they have... they burst out laughing...* *Then... he takes this moment to dash in the keepers direction... before making a back pass... letting the ball loose... with Isa coming from his back to slam it into the net*s

Like... he did need to get into their heads... but got bored of being mean so...

Nah capeta needs to be a sick ass side character now

Ok so I got carried away and Filipa and Isa are now level 89. I should probably start grinding other characters of mine like jaqueo and Johana


jaqueo is basically gonna have first tricks, closely trailed by defense and then speed. Then shooting and lastly power


I think he has double team. Basically... when recovering the ball, he does a body feint so convincing right in front of the attacker, it gives them the impression that an after image is created from his body that extends from the direction he feinted towards.

Its like that fake punch gimmick from hajime no ippo

But then he gets plowed by someone with like 50/100 power if he isnt careful (enough)

What basically Powers jaqueo is this "you got past many people but NOT me!" mentality

Wanna know what Johanna's first touch feels like? Ive used this analogy before but its like a piece of jelly landing on concrete

And her passes are not bad. If there was a stat for them, her passes would be like 20th percentile

She traps the ball excellently, she has immense physical presence and her passes are from good to rather good

She can lob a ball with grace. But when it comes to shooting it *with power*... well... she... *kinda sucks*

No. Its not that she lacks Power, Mr jung. its logics: The more muscle, the more power. And she has alot of it. its just that whenever she puts even the mildest ammount of power into the ball it goes miles off the target

And she cant dribble very well... she has a bit of a tendency to... well... trip

Like... shes weird... If I was a manager I would not be able to choose her as either an offensive mid fielder, or a defensive mid fielder or a fullback.


I think I know a signature move for her: she basically looks like she is gonna shoot the ball very hard, which makes opponents turn heads because she is big and, although it occasionally doesnt work out, they might decide its not worth the risk to let her loose, they sorta flinch but at the moment of contact she just lobs it like she is used to

I think I know what Jaqueo is trully good at: Jaqueo is not really good on his own. he is good when paired with *some* player


But not really with tomoko, though... I dont really see how a free kick master with average (albeit still elite) dribbling and speed could match with jaqueo.  I think what she can do is use her grit, shameless unapolagetic despair and malicious foul drawing to award set pieces for the team

But she could have an interesting side effect: basically defenders would be ultra hesitant to tackle her

And what despair also entails is that she isnt really afraid of not playing "honourably", seeing as just "abstract nonsense"

But her classmates seeing her like this at the world cup might start, albeit they may respect her more... they may feel even less related to her

And the fact that, for the casual viewer, her play style can be simply described as "cheating"

HEr signature move is simply CR7's "knuckle ball" that she practiced HEAPS OF during her Loner phase when she got a nerdy interest on it- and thats partly how she became so good at free kicks. She can knuckle ball very consistently


Also... Isa is very strong and very fast and very gritty and has decent skill, but she kinda has the same problem as Johanna (although not as severe. Instead of having dreadful aim, she has... less than average aim)

She basically scores tap-ins by buldozing through defenders

Her move is called "bodies everywhere". She basically hypes herself up while charging with the ball, shoulder barging anything in her path... and the more players she finds in her way... the stronger the shot will be when she arrives to the goal

Johanna might dread bench player vs starting player matches in training sessions, as... Isa is often in the.. starting team and she is in the... bench team

leiria B's pitch. (They managed to get an actual pitch instead of something that looks closer to a parking lot) (The main team only plays there now lmao...)

This is leiria sc's original..... """""pitch"""""

I mean... both are... like... the same thing. But the second is obviously better... Like... scrapping a knee hurts in both, losing a game sucks in both and scoring a goal is glorious in both. (Except if you are the away team... in that case scoring is actually rather easier because that fence like goal is bigger than what regulations demand)

What matters is that leiria SC now has an actual base (Both teams will effectively play there... I dont even know for what the other thing could be used...)

If the premisses get a cash injection they may upgrade it!

Ok so Leiria SC had a meeting to upgrade the A team pitch. Johanna went there too. They finally touch on the topic and they argue: "But its got so much history! We cant let it go!" Johanna: "B- but... If you have money, why not do it? I... Its kind of... annoying to have the ball skip all over the place whenever I try to do a short pass... and and and... theres scary spiders in the away goal..." "Just dont do short passes! its not that hard! come on girl!" Johanna: "S- so... sh- should we just get rid of short passes? But... what... what about our opponents? Sh- should we tell them we cant do short passes? But... but thats stu- silly..."

So, as expected, it got a facelift!

She also saw the short barriers... and the building next to the pitch... and all the windows.... after the upgrade and went: "Sigh... okay then..."

Johana: "Could they not just... give it a better... fence? is it that hard to make a fence? Come on..."

The bureau: "Ok lets satisfy her request! Lets fence up the pitch! jesus... we just got a 1M euro cash injection! We cant just spend 90k on a FENCE!" 

Then they ask her: "You dont even know what color it will be! Stop the complaining, you spoiled kid" Johanna: "B- B- But it do- doesnt matter..."

*and after a hiatus of 3 weeks and a final expenditure of 140k euros, they managed to build the fence... 50k euros overbugget*

*on the first training day, She sprints into the pitch with a ball in hand and shoots it at full power at the fence... bouncing back. then she  runs up against it... looks up and says: "Finally! I can shoot without causing everyone a headache... *sigh...*"

Btw... Isa invited Capeta to join the leiria SC B team. he accepted gladly! He will be a reserve. She also asked Iman but he refused.

Capeta in his raw form basically knows every single possible trick known to humanity... but he can only score tap ins and is only used to being pressed by his blokes down the corner so... he doesnt have much mental fortitude for keeping the ball

They got my boy capetta some new gear: the bureau is like: "70 euros to fully kit a player? You kids have no grip on reality! this is absurd!" And like 50% of the price was just the shoes lmao... its even impressive they managed to only spend 70 euros imo

Capetta's winter gear (My god Im basically playing a closeted, male version of "dress up princess" lmao)