ENTP s***

These are my ENTP struggles:

Find it cringe? Fine then.

But here they are anyway


Ok then... tell me: How do I handle college while only engaging in projects that, although use contents of college, are not what the teachers tell me? Like... I hate that I have to match my Ti to the Te of college... its exausting. How do I solve it?


Maybe... adapting... grabbing every ledge... extending the truth... thats the key right?

I dont know... but... thats how I lived my whole life... always adapting... always slipping into cracks... always feeling like a thief... always playing by a set of rules only I know... gambling... feeling like anoretic... feeling lonely


Yes! I have banter partners but no friends. Advisors but no mentors. Compliments. But no hugs


Yes. Emotion. Its my defense. Reactive armor. Im tired of shelling so I began countering

Im not Ronaldo. Im Inzaghi.
Im not a citizen. Im a thief.
Im not a hamster. Im a rat.
I dont piss in the toilet
I piss in the sewer
I poach. I grab ledges.
Close enough ledges.
I crawl and dont leap.
Fornicate with the rules.
Bribe them.
Like a ghost in the mist
I do things never done before.
Reiventing the wheel... to escape the pile of rubble... that is my shadow

Filippo Inzaghi *taps chest with fists lightly*



Ok. So its like general knowledge that ENTPs thrive on not taking themselves seriously right? Well... its wrong. ENTPs thrive on MOSTLY not taking themselves seriously. Like... see that NOT MOSTLY? That NOT MOSTLY where you dont take yourself seriously? You should also do it! You need to do it! Otherwise you wont function properly. Everyone needs focus and diversion to some extent thats how our thinking works. For example: ENTPs who are unbalanced may find themselves in the following predicament: They use their heads alot to relentlessly search for any patterns for either strenghts they are not employing or weaknesses they are not addressing... keeping themselves in a sorta dynamic equilibrium. Like... they have EVERY blind spot, EVERY nut and cranny covered in some way. There are no... glaring weaknesses. Well... maybe one: They... also have no strengths. They often end up getting so fixated in having no handle for an opponent to grab onto that they forget to sharpen their claws. And spend loads, and loads, and loads of energy in this endless dynamic equilibrium.... without... really improving in any remarkable way, always just... " licking wounds" all day. And that will make them feel empty - Ignoring Ni. The first function of their shadow. Resent external expectations of sucess. Critic Te. Become distrusting of their ambitions. Trickster Fi. And finally... Cynical of their surroundings. Monster Se. The only way they have to combat this, is to embrace sacrifices. Make compromises. Focus. Specialize. Its okay to have weakspots. The people who never feel vulnerable can never trully feel strong.  So remember, ENTPs: Either be cold like Ice or hot like fire. But never... tepid like warm like shoddy water. Or you will end up bitter and confused at what the hell you even are. They are like grass pokemon: type coverage that stands out, fantastic target softening ability, but... mediocre offense at best.
In essence... ENTPs biggest pitfall is ending up exposed in their all consuming tepid weakness coverage.