Enemies are good. I saw a thumbnail of a video from a thought provoking youtuber called "Greg Guevara".
The thumbnail had a graph: (One from graph theory. Not a f(x) graph ok?) Of "Overrated" "Underrated" and "Neutral" relationships.
In the center there was a "Me" node. Some of the thought provoking thinks it said (Pretty much the entire thumbnail), that are very true are:

Me -> Crush: Overrated.
Me -> Boyfriend: Overrated.
Me -> Family: Neutral.
Me -> Friends: (Dont remember. He didnt say that. Its me, who is writing, who does not remember)
Me -> Mentor: Underrated.
Me -> Confident: Neutral.
Me -> Rival: Underrated.
Me -> Enemy: .... Underrated.


That made me think: Enemies? Are enemies... not... bad, as a concept? Then I rethought: No... enemies... must exist for a reason. Im gonna assume he has a point and entertain it. And, from entertaining it, this is what I found:

The arab girl in my current residence is an enemy. As Ive explained in my art ranting, the purpose of my life is to connect. Connect with others using my favourite creative object: Words.

But... the arab girl... ok let me run through it quickly because its not the main point: Born in Afghanistan, lived somewhat well. Then they got metaphorically (and some, literally), fucked in the a$$ by the taliban. She included. And even a little before, she was judged, misunderstood, subject to mysoginy, as she was a woman in a country with muslim traditions. So... she was told all she did was 53X, that she was lazy, etc. Conclusion: she hates whites and wont speak to them with very specific and localised exceptions. And... she means it. She also seems to be a naturally distant person anyway. Reserved... woman of few words. Shelly... And... Im not! ok: My social battery has a very small capacity. I bounce back between vibing alone and exuberantly socializing with my friends on a whim. Like... I can be feeling exausted socially during a gathering, but If I am allowed to take some time alone to vibe by myself with music, games, etc. I can genuenly recover pretty quickly. And after that, Im like: "Alright people! Ive vibed for like 15 minutes and now Im A-OK to socialize! Lets get it going!" *Gets it going for like 9 minutes* Waaahhhhhh I dont waaaannaaaaa anymooooooooreeeeeeeee *Feels exausted... Goes 15 mintues of vibing again* YEEEYYYY! LETS GET IT!!!!!! *cycle repeats*: ANNNYYWAAAYYYY... but the point is: I like talking to people. Alot. But Im just a wimp in terms of social energy. When I wanna talk to people, I REALLY wanna talk to people. But... she wont talk. because Im white and shit... and she is ADAMANT about it. She is very hardworking, determined.... wakes up super early... she can really push herself in terms of mental stiffness! She has one of the STRONGEST masks Ive ever seen! Shits like almost-solid magma! She just swallows it all! But that just makes her that much more irresistible! I want her to talk to me! I feel like I am a bitch princess... I have tons of friends! But... because she is the one person who, coincidentally, refuses to talk to me, I feel SO MUCH BITTERNESS Towards her! We are the light and the shadow! I seek connections at all times! Always try to seek new ways of looking at the earth and the vibe! But she is fixed! She connects with anyone who gains her trust first! She is cautions! I am daring! I am energetic! She is trapped! I am a mess! She is melancholic! I am sensible! She is sturdy! I am wind! She is rock! I tease! She ignores! I Strike back! She... scoffs. But... its all alright. Because... you know that metaphor that the russian modern thinker did? About the husband with a stable marriage that is just obcessed with a maid he cant have? but how, if his wife, his only obstacle to the maid was gone, he would feel empty? Thats a crush! That man reacted to that because he had learned how to subconsciously draw purpose, not from the objects he cant have, but the anguish of not being able to get them. I have an enemy! I have the arabic girl that wont talk to me! So, every day, I have petty, almost teenage-like, resentful inner dialogues with me and the arabic girl... where I say this... and "You are this" and "You would not even do this" or whatever... and that she would tell me "This" and "That".... But... its all an inverse crush! Its desire with negative emotions! I have learned to draw purpose from the things I want gone from my life! But... when they are actually gone, that part of me will disappear! The part of me... which hates shelly, distrustful, cynical people. She is the kind of girl that, if hanging in the edge of a cliff during an earthquake with me being the only person around strong enough to pull her back up to the surface, she would look me in the eyes as I offer my hand, crouched down, let go of the fucking edge,  flash both middle fingers mid-air, and yell, as she falls down from the abyss: "FUCK ALLLLL OOFFFF YOUUUUU!!!!". Ok: now that I think about it... she is kinda badass... Economy student... cooks healthy traditional food... wears traditional clothing... Strong, personalized identity. Works hard... prospects for a self built career in finance.... wow.... she really is my complement.... She is so cool... but also... I hate her ;) I bet she also finds cashiers cringe

She is my enemy. And that is okay.