Expansiveness vs Fixedness Residencia
(Aviso: Vacas sem cabeça nasceram no meu quintal)

Alguns fatores que escolhi combinar para fazer estas categorias:
-Cognitive stack. (De longe o fator mais importante, pois este é o chassis...)
-Timidez e como o seu complexo de timidez tem mudado (Todos temos um pouco... yatta. yatta. yatta...)
-Se possuem neurodivergência, a natureza dela e como essa os afeta/como lidam e (importante) se preferem inclinar-se nela ou geri-la.
-Patologias psiquicas crónicas.
-Contexto atual na vida e jeito de navegar. (Se viajam, se são erasmus, se são deslocados, como se dão logisticamente (peço desculpa... mas é verdade. Claramente... quem tem uma tendencia generalizada maior para profeciência em logistica é menos expansivo. Quem melhora fica menos... Ya... a pessoa livra-se de expansividade a mais, por vezes e isso é bom. Mas eu n quero saber se o piu-piu ou o me-me são isto ou aquilo, ok seus panisgas sensiveis? Tou só a fazer uma lista), Como processam nostalgia e costumes adquiridos, como interagem nas aulas, se observam e querem mais, se observam PARA construção interna, Se planeiam PARA agir no mundo... se envisionam ou acautelam... ou seja... tu sabes... MBTI!)
-Pa... e se n funcionar... considero como gerem a carreira académica. (Se escolheram sozinhos, escolheram com outros, escolheram sozinhos mas já planearam, escolheram sozinhos mas foi por acaso, escolheram com outros mas querem mudar... etc. Se se inclinam mais em grinding ou pesquisa inquisitiva...)

Blocos de texto separados por linhas em branco- Mesma categoria.
Duas pessoas em linhas abaixo no mesmo bloco: São diferentes mas não mudam de categoria.
Duas pessoas na mesma linha separadas por virgulas: N consigo separar.
Blocos acabam com ponto final.
Todas as pessoas na lista têm uma tag entre parentesis com o MBTI.

ADHD girl: (Social studies) (XNTP): ok... we have a new top spot: And I refuse to remember her name because she also does not remember mine ;) Anyways... this girl is the epitome of expansiveness and divergent thinking, to a straight up maladaptive degree. She refuses to take medications, skips meals and its a miracle she functions well enough to stay. Oh! Her parents actually care... thats why... Has to take anti psychotics, which causes her stomach refluxes and stuff... which is why she skips meals. Survives on coffee. Every 2 in 3 days, she is in a state of really low levels of hedonia, her mind being so all over the place and feeling so impatient and sensitive to every little thing it borders on eerie. Twiches and has lots of nervous ticks. She sometimes refuses to straight up eat on her own... and when she has to, she does something I personally did as a kid which was to just goble up tons of water to eat so I dont have to chew nearly as much. She has a playful mother/daughter bond with Iris... but we all know that if Iris did not cook for this person, well... they would starve. Has to be spoonfed. Is spoonfed to this day, when she refuses to eat. If Rita is at the perfect mix of adversity, control and expansiveness and validation, even if Rita has a really high expansiveness coordinate, ADHD girl has no control and is almost dysfunctional. But she is really nice and all that. And she prevents this list from being an XNTP glazing session. She says she feels guilty about her lack of externally oriented productivity, but she knows deep down she does not really care I just know she doesnt. Shes like me except her ADHD was a bit badly managed. So... first of all: she does not take her medications propelly. Then she skips meals. Also... she sleeps 4 hours a day, coping with that using heaps of coffee. Ok now that I think about it... someone in her life has to put her on track or we may have a disaster in our hands. Update: 
Her name is Eva




Rita (Medicina. Rita is by far the most expasive person on the residence. A looong shot. She plans, invites, nurtures, entertains, assigns... sometimes all at once! Cracks jokes by the minute... But I also think she could be a really well grown ENTP, because her logic/harmony balance is excellent and she enjoys my ideas. Also writes and does tons of banter. If she is an ENTP then she is an absolute goat! I genuenly have to see... because... I once chose her to help me in a logistics issues and... like... It was really bad but I just thought... she simply had to be stronger than me... But I guess I leaned on my respect for her too much because for each failed phonecall and new data packet to solve my problem... she looked like she was always about to cry... no... I dont care if she is really mature logistically. She is ENTP. But she is also an absolute GOAT as a person. Also expansive. Oh! Another factor I gotta add! Age! She is 26. Med school takes a while... Also exercises (For love of the crippled, so she can "carry them" easier). She is an ENTP. Not ENFJ. She is a really hardship shaped, well oiled, high octane and maxed out ENTP) (ENTP)
Praise (ENFJ)

MMA&Medicine Pakistani guy (ENTP).

Long haired ukrainian prodigy. (INTP)

Curly haired ukrainian prodigy. (INTP)

Eu, Iris (Has clinical depression. But rivals me. May be higher as she has to pull a bit more weight. But I have autism. But I also have ADD. But she is in her first year. I mean... if we go blow for blow I think it means equal right? In an interaction, it would come down to a war of attrition: Who has less social battery power and / or less current charge may end up losing. I see things she doesnt and vice- versa... IDK), Goth girl alta magra cabelo curso encaracolado (Way less judgy and bitter than a typical goth.) (ALL ENTP).

Bacano ENFP cheinho,
Marisol (We do cool nuanced yapping, but I have no idea of what she does behind the scenes... this one may be WAAAAYYY off) (ENTP), Russian Twins (Erasmus. Shared numbers with Iris. I think they may be higher than Marisol but not sure) (ESFJs).

ENFP smoker pakistani (I think he has "shit life syndrome" (Bitter and unfulfilled. Can be higher than the MMA guy))

Saad, White moroccan friend of Saad (Inviting, yet organized. Open minded, yet grounded. By the way... none of this is a good/bad person debate ok? I personally think I am way too expansive sometimes and that it harms me. Ive developed lots of maturity while working my logistical side) (ESTJ)


Nina (Thinks she is INFJ. PFFF naaaaahhh... you wish... in an alternate universe, perhaps...) (ISTP),
Carolina (Shy version of Nina) (ISTP).

Maria (Has travelled, but... Ok fuck it Marisol is an ENTP i dont care... Marisol has alot of difficulty in staying logistically tidy. Maria, well, doesnt. Everytime I find Marisol she always says she is late for something... and then we do nuanced yapping... we both like harmony... she is an ENTP idgaf Im chaging her from ESFJ to ENTP pronto) (ESFJ).




Fem-ish Pakistani guy, Chubby arab girl. (ISFJ)



Cristiana (ISFJ).

Hamza (ISTJ) (Best friends with Saad and the other dude. Hangs out with comfort friends and... thats it... ok: No. Once he left the residence in a way that reminded me of Kay from beyblade... he doesnt give a damn about harmony... he goes below the ISFJs)

Pedro (INFJ).


Fortunato (Bro is impossible to put any higher. He just does things to his own metronome 24/7. Does not give a damn about curiosity, Grinds and does whats next on his personal list. I personally like the guy but his "Hows college" Kinda questions make me go 5 tones more pale for a second. ULTRA logistics minded. Tolerant but disagrees firmly) (ISTJ).


Bitter Arab girl (IXTJ). (I already have a whole ass expose about this one. A traumatized, resentful, rejected and hurt version of Fortunato)


Categoria n faço ideia:
Pakistani spiritually awaken tall guy (IXXJ).