Also... thinking someone is pretty =\=> that you love that someone

I also have a rival/friend @ my current college residence who I think is unbelievably charming and attractive. But I dont love her.

This is her first year there so...
We met yesterday @ a kitchen while she was casually just getting the number of someone I already knew. I started bantering, to test the waters and get a sense of who she was. I went like: "Awww... are we besties now?"
She was just like: "Ye." WHICH IS EXACTLY LIKE ME FRFRFRFR!!!

*After she asked me if I wanted some of her spare rice... to which I said no because I did not need it, I waited a couple seconds and asked:* (She was very pretty. Short, nape level, curly, brown hair with sparse blond strands, bit taller than me, roundy face w/ big, brown eyes, a warm smile, has a piercing in the nose and one on the lips.
Her attire is often black colored with high heels, make up, stockings, a cool, ....hairy (?) textured, big, black trench coat at before knee level and earrings.
I think she also wore some other stuff but I dont remember exactly

I asked: "Social studies course?"
She asked: "Looks like it?"
I said: "Honestly... yeah!"
She said: "Fair. Philosophy"
I thought like: "*Ok: May not be an apprentice anymore... rival then?*"
I asked: "Professional Nuanced Yapping?"
She said: "You know it!"

*She then went to her room, because we agreed that I kinda needed company*

And then I introduced her to the idea of using chemicals as art and to connect with others (Indirectly referencing my interpretation of Yakui the Maid). She loved it. Which was almost expected at this point
Anyways we started going blow for blow indulging in insight overflow under the residence kitchen, flourescent lamp glow.
I then asked, rather confidently: "What kind of art do you make?"
*She smirks*
She answered: "I like... ummm... poetry, embroidery..." *Which I think is totally based and rare btw* "... and I guess making videos is art too"
I answered with my shit... and then I showed her some Yakui the Maid music. Ended up liking it. At like half song duration, she went back to her room to go get photos of her bunny. When she came back, she revealed to me that, during all this time... the reason she was dressed up like that, was because she was taking care of going out, so she was putting cleaned dishes away, talking to me AND preparing 4 a night out at the same time! Anyways....pets are not really my thing so... I tried to vibe with her but could not. I showed her my mbti knowledge and she ended uo liking it! Also showed her my enemy logical/poetic break down text and my story with the arab girl. She liked my takes *smug smirk*
But then we kept nuanced yapping AND THEN SHE ASKED ME MY NAME! I replied. She replied with hers. Im gonna call her by the pseudonim Iris. Iris and I kept nuanced yappering once again for like 8 minutes and then, as she was ABOUT TO LEAVE, I THEN ASKED for her number. Like bro! If she is not literally me Fr I dont know what she is. I also think she is an ENTP like me FR that thinks she is an ENFP because all she knew about MBTI until our convo was "loGiK unFeElInG aNd AsSHoLe!!!!!". But she is thorough, Likes to keep the environment connected empathically, Logistical klutzery gallore, (Like me fr). She is Neurotypical though. Yet has Chronic Depression. Logical, likes ideas. Revels in herself when her Logic goes well social mood. (If she was an ENFP, she would revel in herself if her inner will and ambitions were possible in practice according with collectivelly agreed logic. But she is an ENTP. Because she revels in herself when her inner logical systems, processes and reasoning are appropriate for or even enhance the current, collectivelly agreed upon social atmosphere (Something she might enjoy going through: "Omg! Thats crazy and absurd and funny! And the best part is that bro is simply saying exactly what happened, lmao! Its cool but also just logically true and thats amazing!"))
She also resonated with my ultracompressed self description


I found myself a rival HELL YEAH!