Title: Cliff Jumper (Throne careless vocal cover)
Type: Musical Single
Album: My wings... clipped yet... I must fly
Genre: Western Maidcore screaming, metallic guitar riffs and battering drums play
Author: Skylar X Filipa X Lisa
Vibe: Cliff jumper starts playing. A song of unapolagetic gratitude towards life... An ode to recklessness. The riffs gritty and the drums loud. Feel yourself in a car speeding, from a plane into the air diving, a bird and you nodding mutually... a tribute to flight. The wings god gave me I never before used. My essence, so far, trapped in a coffin of neurosis and repression. My blood getting stale and my heart slower. Me running fast, my heart thudding in anger making my blood flow in abundance to all my muscles, eyes, ears and mouth. Feeling the gas in my bons coalesce into blood, every second I feel stronger, more daring, more adventurous. My talents I explore, my limits I challege... The uncertainty, the doubt. A reminder that I am where I am suposed to. Dancing with death, dodging mortifying hooks and jabs... In the battle for survival I thrive. Shoving every bit of vibe into my brain I drive across a racetrack undisturbed. "tepid... tepid.... tepid..." I say! Must go faster, reach deeper... search wider, risk more, guess... and not think. Because Ive never figured anything in my life out... neither has anyone else. So... just feel and guess. Feel guess and feel deaths jabs grazing your face. Draw blood! First blood! Now it starts! Blow for blow I keep on swinging! My sense of safety In taters! When I was young, my momma told me: "Sure? Youre asking momma if she is sure? Momma isnt sure... of anything, sweetie. And neither is anyone else. Ok? In life... you are never sure. But... life always gives you a hint... of a possibility... for a likely chance... of reaching an eventual end. Never be sure. Always confused." So On my two feet I brace myself for a thousand blows. Assume the worst! Expect the best! From every corner in your mind use everything you understand and know! Pull from every front and feed your ego emotion to experiencd and reason to figure out. Emotion to keep going and reason to understand. Right on the limit of adhesion I aim for the exit of *this* corner and with my lever seq shifter I pull for first! Pull for second! Pull for third in this tiny toyota cressida touring car. Wrangling and throwing it, I lift a wheel at every hit apex, every sharp, yet smooth turn I extend this little ecobox's limits! Made in the 80s, Its old cast iron chassis...  It lasted then, so will it now? It twists and squeals In both panic and anger... Determined, like me, to last through the ringer. I approach a hairpin, I brake, brake... Into third,  second....Throw it around, the plastic interior crackling! The DCT whinning and the 2L block yelling! All 134 HP screeching down the main straight! Wouldnt you just take a shitty scrapyard car and throw it around like this? I would! I got this for 200 dollars! Paid with a college scolarship! Rust bucket turned into a pocket rocket experiecing the life formula 1 prototypes only dream of! I shift into first... second... third! 60mph! Blow for blow with a 180 buck, 4th owner Astra! Going up and by its side my Cressida nudges it saying: "Im here, sucker!" Down the straight I lost out, So now, as we.approach a chicane, I go wide so I can exit under! I waste it. "Damn it!". Can still catch it on the next wide corner! My lever goes first, goes second goes third! On the next corner I trick them! I go Wide and as we are side by side we rub whee- OH! OUR FENDERS COME OFF! My wheel rubbing on a loose panel and their flailing rear bumper draging across the road! So....as we keep battling on this track day, my friend and I, beat up cars and squeaking frames, we scream and shake fists! 
Blood and soul.
Blow for blow
Real and raw.
I Hack away my decaying roots with a saw.
Pushing, determined, yet wary
Tepidness remedy
Clashing bones, water and meat
Metal, wood, glass and sweat
Squealing wheels decompress
After a long journey
Recovering for next time.
Want a turbo MONSTER?
Strap on that suckin whistleblower.
And blow them away.

At college. If you want to make a music streamer but the networking curriculum is just a bunch of shitty drills, by all means... burn them away. Because to live life fully you have to be willing to throw it away. Boil 'em tepid geriatrics! Burn them all awat until all that remains... is you, and you alone. Isolate, meditate and expand. Expand! Hotter! Until the tingling on your back burns to crisp! Hot like Rigel! Big like Betelgeuse. You are human. So you can be both!