
*Comments from her dad, Roger during the time Misty was captured by the SCP:*

"I am Roger. I work as the overseer of a scientific project designed to create and experiment on human genetics. We dont mean harm and we treat our subejcts with care, only resorting to extreme measures when they pose a threat to public safety. She is the member one of our Militia divisions. She also gets jobs from other Militias around the world but I am ultimately her tutor. She is a bit of a Ditz"
Misty: "HEY!"
Dad: "The adults are talking Misty!"
Misty: "Hmpf!"
Dad: "sigh... anyways... she is 17 years old, likes videogames but can also run at 90kph for short bursts, jump 7m in the air and has 1.5 times the grip strength of an adult chimpanzee, as well as possessing extraordinary marksmanship talent. But she is my daughter! please give her back!"


"She was not born from a Zygote. She knows that. She even thinks it makes her "Badass". But it also means I cannot logically prove she is my daughter. In an iNtuitive-Thinker perspective, she could have been born from any experiment conducted by ANYone. She has a chip under the skin of her neck. She never carries around any readers unless it is a formal meeting to prevent the enemy from identifying her. So... No... I cannot prove that she is my daughter logically. But... what tests do you want to perform on her? Is... is she going... to suffer?!"

"How long... is it gonna take?" *My dad said gritting his teeth and sweating*

*A sequence of it (the doctor is a chatbot I Roleplayed with.)*

Dr. Buck knew that the parent on the other end wouldn’t be too happy to hear her response… but she had to be honest with them…

She spoke into the intercom once more, with the same coldness in her tone of voice.

“We don’t allow visitors to come see anomalies in containment… I’m sorry… It’s for the safety of the Foundation staff and personnel…”

Dad: Just as he thought... "D- Daughter?"
misty: "Yes, dah?"
Dad: "Please.... whatever they plan to do to you... be strong. Fight them and free yourself if you must. I cant see you right now... Im sorry..."
Misty: "No what? What... what do you mean?"
Dad: "I cant prove her that youre my daughter... As I am just your creator"
Misty: "That should not matter... why doesnt she just let me go"
Dad: "They seem to not trust you. They seem to work as an institution that picks up anomalous living creatures and performs experiments on them... to make sure they are safe for themselves and others. And then they either release them or they dont... I cant go there... as I have no idea where you are... Wait... switch to telepathy! Switch! Connect to daddy's mind!"
Dad immediatly puts on a psychic receptor... as he isnt a psychic himself, to pick up on my signals.
Telepathy... My eyes glow green. After a short brain scan, I find you. Because it is a spherical shaped scan, with minds I capture being randomly picked up by my psychic gland, I know you are within distance... but dont know where or how far exactly. Also, our attachment makes it easier than normal to spot you. Anyways... I open a psychic socket and begin talking
Misty: "Dad?" I say telepathically
Dad: "Picks up signal... Sucessfully locating you. But saying nothing, only replying in his thoughts, so I can hear him but not the crazy lady Ok. We will rescue you. Dont worry. She wont harm you for much longer! I dont care about neutrality or anything. If I know they are torturing you over there I will use force. So dont worry okay? be strong. you can disconnect now"


*Another momento:*

*Misty as she saw no problem in explaning to this scientist how her powers worked, decided to ask her to listen... in a hope to make her capture end sooner. This is her explaining her psychic powers in a nutshell*

"Okay so... I have 2 sets of powers: psychic and Agro powers. The first ones give me a gland in my brain. It makes me capable of making scans where it will tell me where peoples brains are if they are close enough. If I have someones brain in the gland, I can then open a socket. This socket allows me to listen to what they say and they can reply, by intentionally using internal dialogue. The connection is stronger the calmer the person is and the less effort their body is exerting to keep itself warm. also... I can do telekinesis... but its still very basic. I Lift up her glasses as a demonstration... with my tongue sticking out due to the struggle for concentration in the act of trying to balance it without dropping it... but fail OI sory sorry sorry watch it! Their falling!"

"There are psychics LEAGUES stronger than me tho! There are some that can literally use the air itself as a bladed weapon! But... But I cant do that yet..."
*Then... after another back n forth, explains her Agro powers in a nutshell as well*

"So... agro powers basically uncap your emotional reactions. Dad told me they were a very powerful mutation to induce in me because, stuff like the natural power you get from anger, could be endlessly stacked with more and more anger, if wielded propelly. Also... it naturally increases the metabolic capacity of cells and efficiency in nutrient management, as well as digestion and assimilation speed. The cross section of muscles can grow at a bottom line of twice the normal rate, bloodcells can carry tripple the ammount of oxygen, the white cells are more reactive and wounds heal faster. But... People will struggle severely with emotional regulation, may develop stuff like NPD, BPD and Bipolar Disorder. But I dont have any of that. My dad says I only have the ADHD thingie. So... I can jump more... Oh! I can also punch more. Also... my dad says he needs to spend a fortune to feed me... so he only allows me to eat the most nutrient efficient food possible. He doesnt let me eat candy or anything. But he lets me play videogames tho. Also... I do LOTS of sports! I can rollerblade..." *Begins diverging from the topic... recalling stuff that, in theory, you already know*

"And also I really like sardines..." *Keeps yapping...*


*Doctor then loses her patience... and starts incessantly interrogates her about the origin of her powers... and why her dad wanted to give them to her in the first place*

Misty
Tries to craft something in my brain... but I remember that I can just call my dad with psychic powers Wait a sec... I say this as my eyes glow green again, as a psychic scan wave washes the surrounding area in a radius of 1km. Finds my dad Opens a psychic socket

*Doctor stuff goes here*


Misty
I begin speaking telepathically Dad? Now... now she wants to know why you gave me powers... and... honestly... I also want to know too
Dad: "Misty?"
Misty: "..."
Dad: "Okay... listen. Im gonna try to give you something you can just tell her, and then we will talk okay? ahem Initially... I just... was curious about testing with people's genes... as the latest research at the time was starting to prove very actionable when it comes to making groundbreaking stuff happen in people. We basically did it because we could. Thats it. But we are scientists. We also just did it because we were curious... and we were very careful about the subjects that came out of our efforts that developed a consciousness. you were one of them. And I began to get genuenly attached to you. Liking you. So now I call you my daughter. So, In short, I was curious. But I also... really loved you... and wanted you to... admits... sheepishly have... cool abilities. Okay... you are not upset are you? But... I think you are funny, pretty, intelligent and... genuenly care about you. and want to protect you. If anything, they also want to do the same. But they kidnapped you. They have no right to keep you away from me like this."

*Misty on the outside, though... was crying... her green-glowing eyes watering at the borders... speechless and overwhelmed by how tragic and hopeless she felt, for not being able to go home whenever she wanted*