Art problems continuation

Bro. i just wish there was a device that fuckin... idk... enabled you to take a very, very deep vibe inside your soul and just make people experience it directly. Like chemically, even. Thats why I do art. So I can, at least, get close to that


Maybe thats why... Yakui the Maid (character) loves drugs so much? Maybe thats why she is a drug addict that self crafts medicine
And shares it with others?
Maybe she is lonely... and thats how she connects. Using pure, raw, chemistry. The elusive image she is after is one of connecting with other fellow Men... by experimenting with chemical arts and crafts. Experimenting with reagents, ways of administration, sensations, side effects. First... on herself. And then on others. By convincing them to try them, literally feel the precise chemicals she senses within. She crafts pharmaceutical art. Writing? Too difficult. Music? Too ethereal? Chemicals are raw. Physiological. Raw. Biological. Celular. Metabolic manifestations of her inner world. Images, words and feelings are all fake. Human consciousness... is made of molecules. Blood. Hormones. And transdermic patches.


My artist superpower... is infinite satchel because the vividness with which I can bring even the most ethereal concepts into physical form is my biggest strength. Yakui's artist superpower... is mind control.


I think... Im inexperienced in life and the things I write are not "real enough" and are "emo"

I just want... to connect


Inside me... I see strength that no one wants to acknowledge

I have Fe so... I need people Like Yakui the maid, so i can look at myself from the outside.

But I love Maria's text. I refuse to care about what anyone says. Because I am an ENTP. And fixation is an ENTP's worst enemy

Let them cats keep rocking. Them Ratty faggots keep railing. I wont stop. I wont ever stop.


"Draw a cover art of Maria's THC rainmeter. Draw 3 of them: 1:1, 9:20 and 16:9."
Phone, desktop wallpaper and pfp dims. All Ai generated. I hate using AI so fucking much

But Im just... too scared to learn how to draw as well as I write

"Images say 1000 words"
Dont remind me of it.
And music can say a million
Because instrumentals exist. And "Can" refers to potential.

And... for me its always been writing... everywhere I go... words. Programming... is words. Writing... is words. Math... is words. Science is words. I feel bad for not wanting to make music for now... but I also dont have any regrets. I like my trusty, rusty writing.

Idc... I like my trusty, rusty, dusty, crusty words

Theres just a question lingering, though: Yakui claims to make music simply to "put it on the radio". Does he really do that? Can someone so talented and self aware as Yakui have such faith in his own art? To be able to self provide... exactly what he wants? Because... I cant. I cant be like that. But no, right? It cant just be because "He likes it", right? He pours so much of himself into all of his crafts and music... Or... is he obviously just shielding himself from people demanding an explanation of the unexplainable from him?


I must stop aiming higher than others' expectations. I only must transcend me and myself only.


If you cant have it easy in every single front, try to be challenged in some way in every single front. Both theoretically achieve balance. Only 1 is possible in practice


Sim. Agora tenho um novo desafio: Como acho que maximizei o meu potencial atual de escrita atmosférica, vou tentar fazer videos atmosféricos filmamdo e editando como a Erica e a Maria


Ja percebi: Os meus textos atmosféricos são fluxos de consciência, certo? As reticências nesses textos é interferênica. Quando certas porções do fluxo são pouco definidas ou muito dificeis de verbalizar, é como se o radio emissor das 'ondas electromagméticas' da atmosfera/vibe (O meu subconsciente) Estivesse ocluso por interferência. Eu sei isto porque quando a emoção me surge clara/ fácil de definir, uso muito, muito menos reticências. Quanto mais reticências, mais facilidade estou a ter a definir a vibe. 
Exemplos: Loner girl pure blood: Foi me mais facil de verbalizar as emoções expressas durante a escrita do texto. Portanto, muito menos reticências do que, por exemplo, em THC rainmeter escrito por Maria.
Conclusão: Reticências representam chuva/interferência "de radio" (interna) das minhas emoções enquanto escrevo textos em estilo altamente atmosférico
É como se fosse latência de "internet emocional"
É por isto que vim para engenharia informática. Quero trabalhar em redes. Quero ser como a Yakui, só que com internet em vez de medicamentos
O meu objetivo diário pessoal é maximizar pureza emocional. Pureza da stream de consciencia. Do fluxo emocional de mim para o mundo. É assim... que me conecto

