Yakui the maid idol musings:

I have a hero. A hero... a valliant pathforger hailing from russia... 35 years old... I made some notes about his music. A man who, when the world acknowledges him as a loser, he... just... shrugs.

One of the songs the artist Yakui the Maid... maid (pun) (He is a russian 36 year old) was called: Morning nuclear attack. And... the song is from 2013 and earlier... he is introspective... and the song has syrens... and he captured it all... the deformities... the radios... the news... the... radios... the civil protection services... the civil proection Men... the people... the dogs... the drops of water... the radios... the syrens likely from local ambulances... the flyers immediatly fluttering to urge people to evacuate... the new knowledge of radiation symptoms... the desolation... the soft, synthy guitars... the soft, melodic samples... the wind... the... weird cassette static... the geiger counters vibrated rattling... the panicking mothers holding their deformed newborn children in their arms... The people in hospitals... the doctors overwhelmed... the wild animals... the purple tree leaves... ring any bells? What is the song about? Hint: Its an event.

Yes. The Chernobyl disaster... man... the ammount of bleakness just in one soul... He... lived it... very likely as a kid... and... still being able to do goofy songs every once in a while... like "My spacebuldozer is full of fuck"... trully an inspiring person

I fight... he laughs.


Ok... Ok... I was lying. I was being biased. I was forcing something to bw true ok? there is no way Yakui was alive during The Chernobil Accident. Because... He is 35+ now... not in 2013... the publishing date of the song. But... even then, the song... the sounds are so vivid....that you almost want it to be real


Im gonna listen to it again. Thats it. Thats how it feels with this new truth. I wanna listen again

And right next to Morning Nuclear Attack, there is "Immolation of Classmates" desolation... to a goofy take on the sound embodyment of teen angst... mocking teen angst with animegirl sounds and glitchy rock

Maybe... it was made in either 2011 or 2016 as an aniversary thing!

Some say... he leaves his house everyday... with an old tape recorder in hand... to record the sounds of the world into tapes he buys at a shop that is still open... he processes the material in an Amiga PC... he is in tune with the world... makes music only to listen while in the car. Resourceful, raw, real aging adult. He has alcohol problems. He is goofy, but messed up. He made an entire album using train sounds... With songs like "R 4 1 l 5", "Yakuis injured Railways and crippled orchestra" and "Gear of Despondency". he is seriously creative... I fight... he laughs... I am nothing compared to him... my puny words will never match his music... I adore him. The image of this warm, emotional, brilliant man, living a conventional life while making music... struggling with alcohol and using creativity to cope... being always on the edge of his inner demons... a warm russian man in the coldest country... Its all simply... I love him... so much.

She grows her lungs on daises field... a song by yakui the maid. A man so, so used to being consumed by inner turmoil, disconnection and who grapples with closeted cynnicism. Typical russian man... in a country devoid of any if all conventional beauty. A country hard to relate to. The language... the customs... its all so mysterious... yet... through his music... the people who find him can also find themselves


Im glad I have internally decided to not meet Yakui the Maid... I think we should not meet our heroes while they are still heroes

Nah but hell naw there is a song from yakui thats straight up called: "Incredible Adventures of Ratty Rail Faggot". Thats hillarious! And Ill explain why! Its true that Yakui makes songs with train sounds and horns right? So imagine this 30 year old russian bloke, waiting for the next train in a cold, grey, rainy day in a sky exposed, run down russian station, lonelyness seeping through his pores... ya know... usual russian person gameplay, and then... suddently... across the vacant rails... a figure walks across... small... nimble. A soon-to-become mythical icon. A... rat. So... Yakui then considered the observations right in front of his face and then... a flash of inspiration: "Where does this rodent come from? Does it need a family? Does it have a family? Does it know a mountain sized monster could run it over at any moment? Does it care? Does it want food? Does it have food? Are there more rats here? Have I ever seen more rats here?" And then... out of all the possibilities of rats and their dillemas and chronicles involving trains and train stations, a legend... a tale was born. Like... the banger wasnt produced. It already existed. With the usual cynical, provocative, blunt but lighthearted russian humor, the tale was titled: "Incredible adventures of Ratty Rail Faggot"
(Like... damn... did he really have to name call the poor rat like that? Like... just picture this for a second: As Yakui names it in his mind, there is this poor, innocent little rodent just minding its own business... unaware of the concept of human language or culture, let alone human english crude slurs! Like... poor thing! Just wiggling about over the beat up rails of an old russian train station while completly oblivious to the fact it just got labeled as "Ratty Railfaggot" by a random human! Man... Its like Yakui made a whole atmospheric song just to project anger into a random mouse!

Then there is "Dead pilots are coming home" Which was probably made by a russian... in... 2014... right? But then there is: "Happy Incest" Which sounds like some internet-esque  roast directed at Blue Archive fans in sonic form

I even came up with a title that Yakui would write if he had my exact life: "Logistical Masterplanning from Anime Losers"


"I like waka floka because my sister says he is cool" lmao...
What even is Waka Floka xD?


"Chionea"... Yup... instant connection. Yakui is weird minded, gritty and lives in russia. There. meaning decoded

Ok: Something I think is a highly sarcastic Godzilla joke: "Dino Destroy the City" My god... Ganda Yakui mano...

"Then these 2: "Elegant Gentlemen's Guide to 'The Maid'" And "Syringes are My rockets. Pills are My bombs"


​Then... : "Collective Unconscious" And "I asked NPC to hold hands and she Refused". like... notice that in the NPC one, he could have used 'But' but used 'and'. Like... yeah... those two things happened! But what does that even entail? Is bro mad? Is he ok? We have no clue!

So... we also know that Yakui struggles with alcohol right? Then there is this absolutely rotten feeling, bleak inducing, 17 and a half minute COLOSSUS of an atmospheric, floaty rock track called: "Zolotie Hiti Pod Vodochku pt1" where 90% of it is just him recording random street ambience