Title: blow4blow X Nereid
Genre: Gritty heavy metal with long electric guitar riffs and screaming anime vocaloid, mixed with long pauses of melodic synthetic, atmospheric sounds... reminiscnent of submarines and some sort of aquatic harmonica.
Author: Adriano X Sheilla.
Type: Musical Single.
Vibe: Sheilla... Adriano. Both of them lead virtuous lives until this far... each with their own paths, styles, minds and souls. But now... both find themselves face to face... in an arranged duel of two
strong Men, squaring up... "Mano a Mano", blow for blow, first to tap/first to fall boxing match. No rounds... No gongs... no referee. But also... no cheating. Just the two of them... in an empty arena... with no gloves. The spotlight shining on both of them... at the center. The cold, distant and mechanical sounds of air-conditioning compressors, leaks in pipes dripping, the waterflow of sewage from nearby buildings passing under the ring... from how quiet everything is. Airplanes reminding us... that there are people around them that dont really value fighting, others that are just as obcessed as them. Both shadows of eachother. The collective unconscious of the human race... although not explicitly through directly watching, rooting for both fighters half in half. The mosquitoes from a humid, summer day. Some chair pannels falling every once in a while. It almost sounds like... an abandoned arena. Like a sparring session in a privately built gym or a personal tresspassing meeting between old rivals. Very personal... an atmosphere that does not vibrate. It ondulates. Its tepid with a hint of chilling... the darkness surrounding the wide light beam hitting on our fighters from a spotlight mounted above... haunting from this angle folks! Its all so raw... Over-the-counter, scrappy, yet talented and refined fighting. Only us... the commentators. We had to shield ourselves or they would hear us clear as day. Im gonna shout now! *Sheilla! Adriano! Can you hear me?!* *They look at me confused. Sheilla makes an elephant ear gesture with her hand and shrugs intently...* *they cannot hear me.* *I scoff at them in gesture and flash a thumb at them.* Now... both of them stare at eachother. Sheilla... on the red corner... weighing in at 68kg, standing at 176cm, from Ankhara, Turkey. Her eyes in this moment are... cold... disgusted... repulsed even. Resentful... bitter... they say: "You should be gone already. Why are you not gone? You waste of organic matter. I wont let you connect. I wont let you see anything you want to just because you feel like it. I have endured too much from people I dont trust. And usually... I just casually dismiss them. But... you seem different, So... if you win... or even during this battle, you will see... the real me. So buckle up wimp. I wont go easy."
But... Adriano's eyes say: "I wont back down. Your mug face wont deter me. I dont care about what culture, gender, school, skin color or even if you forgot your anxiety pills this morning. I will keep going untill I make you beg. The blood in your veins is tap water infused with corrupt, worn leukemya. But... I wanna see what happens... when its combined with vulnerability from a curious like me. I want to see. I want to connect. Your blood will be spilled during this battle... and I will study it. Combine it with your body, your eyes, your moves. I will shred every ounce of guard you have in your heart... and in your closed fists. Our skins will be speckled across this mat, Our bones will tangle on the ropes on each clinch. I will show you, Sheilla, that your world... has changed."
Both fighters have very deeply ingrained and distict styles from eachother: 

Miss Sheilla over there has a Marksman's style. She keeps her guard tight, prefering to plan over reacting. The weaknesses of Adriano are probably ingrained in her very soul at this point in her career... as she most likely spent the last  2 months of her career obcessed with that man, analyzing and internalising his patterns of attack, defense and, as we will discuss in a moment, most importantly, movement! She has a contigency mindset to boxing, prefering to spend her time in her head refining her detailed plan on the fly with small adjustments instead of purely reacting to changes in the atmosphere or immediate reality. She basically has a plan that she will stick to religiously and will see it through. When it comes to her spirit, her friends and family are constantly in this tsundere girl's heart... as she has a very self assured and pragmatic personality. She prefers to mix wound up, meaty and big punches that hit critical targets than to forcefully create openings that destabilize opponents... waiting for them to confuse themselves instead by being willingly indifferent to their teasing. She is more of a powerful tank with a really precise and accurate sniper rifle mounted on it. Yet, she can also become too cautious inside her mind if her opponent becomes too unpredictible and out of scope of her plan... struggling to improvise when needed.

Adriano is a complete turnover of what Sheilla is! Quick, witty, flexible and plastic! This man has a sharply developed knack for mindgames and in-the-moment teasing that throws most opponents off... but we have never seen that work on Sheilla before! Will this time be different? Adriano surely thinks so! His optimism in the immediate future is his bread and butter... being able to quickly forget and bounce off small setbacks that happen along his way... benefiting more from letting things go than holding on to them. His open mindedness will be his long sword in his bout. He most likely spent most of the time, not planning, but preparing for anything that closely resembles Sheilla during his training, as well as refining some of his usual playful self expression he puts into his movement and boxing. But this man is not just about playing and clowning though and will put you on your ass the moment he sees any resemblance of an opening! Fill you up with flurries upon flurries of jabs and distressingly nimble bobbing and weaving. His straights and long crosses come in big number, but he can tire himself too quickly at times. this guy can also try too hard to react perfectly to each little blow the opponent throws... often finding himself in a perfectionistic loop that leaves him paralyzed... his tendency of dropping his own style unecessarly being very pronouced too, which results in a bigger picture where Adriano spreads himself too thin... ending up with approaches that have no weaknesses... but also, because he does not like to settle for tradeoffs, no strengths. 
And be reminded that Adriano has also demonstrated to be stronger when explicitly cheered on... which might imply he struggles when feeling slightly more alone... That will give Sheilla a bit of an upper hand!
But also... Sheilla's demeanour today does not feel like disdain... more like a "Prove me wrong... wimp." She is waiting for him. She wants to see how badly he wants it. How strong his dreams really are... or if He is just careless and unfocused.
Adriano has been through alot of adversity outside the ring... being able to fully sharpen the edge of his adaptability sword to the limit, he has become a major temper pushing, weaving and almost soccer-dribbling kind of fighter... almost dancing with the opponent... ironically being able to control the fight due to how erratically he moves around the ring. Most of the time... what gets his opponents isnt his sheer force, willpower or even minute technical details. But from the sheer awkwardness and unpredictibility of his movement, striving for every movement to be a taboo.


But... Honestly... I am betting on Sheilla. 

But thats because... Adriano isnt the type to put on a corporate, consistent performance every bout. And if he can get Sheilla confused... we should all pay very close attention.
Also... he may be a very lukewarm fighter... but his sheer ability to just "Know what to do" based, not only on this specific matchup... but on all of his totalling 9 fights, where he won 7 of them, lost 1 and drew another, catching every detail, every nuance of what it means to perform movement based chess to put down another fellow human being with violence makes him a dynamic, ever morphing and ever evolving target. But Sheilla's plan making abilities are unmatched in this division of the championship. It will be a very mental battle.

But Sheilla has a larger frame...
But, although Adriano weighs 13 less kilograms than sheilla and the fact he has less 8 cm of height in comparison too, gives him, both a big, slow tank to dodge, but also really snappy and viscious individual strikes that ko opponents very often, as Sheilla has an almost perfect record of 8KO's in 9 fights, the same number as Adriano, all ending with KO's. But, although the fraction is bigger, one bout should not decide your predictions, fellow sports betting hobbyists and analysts! Because sheilla's cannon ball hands will also have to hit quite a quick and small target, who moves like dust in a hurricane!

I think Adriano is an inventor. Sheilla is a self motivated advocate.

Adriano wants to entertain himself and others within his domain and Sheilla wants to secure her respective one


