Ester

Type: Psychic

Age: 19 years (F)

Weight: 32 kg

Height: 145 cm

Frail. Totally dependent on her broken psychic abilities for almost everything. Red Hair, amber eyes, An expression on her face that is both cynical and 'done with life', but also hopeful

Desc: Narcissistic, sociopathic and cold. Super smart, cunning, manipulative and parasitic miniscule ball of raw malace turned into a broken shell of a person looking for hope, after suffering brain damage from an ambush done by Raquel and Filipa, who Ester abused. Shes done many things. But although the sociopathy, the narcissism and the cruelty, and now the brain damage, she trully allways felt alone and genuenly like she was the only one that ever made sense. She takes the mask, she puts the mask. She also considers exercise "boring, calory waste", which for Filipa was not even Invalidating, just kind of offensive. She could never trully keep hold of the wild, motorized, unpredictible bar of soap that is Filipa. That challenge made her go soo far into the deep end to find the worst psychological punishments possible for Filipa that, after watching her brush it all of like a sequence of crush rejections, she just gave up and started to just live close to her and... even enjoying the experience of living. She was in the dorm... heard Filipa  take her breakfast at 4 am, get done in 10 minutes without rushing and do squats in a floor below while she waited her programs to compile  (which she found so pointless and crude it was almost abaolutely fascinating). She was verbally abused and ate it all up like psychological calories. But got devastated when Ester told her "Why dont you use linked lists for that? and that? and everything else? Its like linked lists are good for everything..." It was a genuinely curious question, but Filipa had to take THAT as abuse... Ester learned so mutch with her. And still it was like she worked everyday to one day make it all end very badly, controlled by forces that, despite her intellect, simply could not begin to grasp. And... Filipa's obcession with sports and programming even made her... start... playing footbal and... change to a course "made up of mentally ill, loner weirdos with fucked up bodies and absolutely no life" . After the attack, though... she ended up saved by some sailors (She was dropped into water from very high up). She suffered brain damage that left her personality and part of her cognition in shambles. But Filipa... changed her. She was narcissistic, but she decided to go through the hassle of getting a gym membership and having to start with.. walking on the threadmill for reps and lifting supermarket half a liter water bottles as dumbells. She got a job at a lab, that SHE found... too cold. She also got a psychiatrist. Deolinda. Likes to come outside just to judge people.
She currently claims to, allegedly, have, before, prefered to "be a sneaky stupid rat with no guts or soul who manipulates people" and that people who do that make her cringe and now she prefers to "Adult and put cringy manipulative people in their place for not adulting like normal, real, people" (its her mask).
She has one melee weapon she likes to carry around: A trusty frying pan. She got the pan from her sociopathic psychiatrist (also on a similar redemption path) Deolinda, who told her: "Look, sweetie: if there is any time you simply cannot help but be violent, instead of blasting them into oblivion use this. I made it for you. Ive been learning engraving in my free time. its a frying pan. Its old. My grandma gave it to me when I was 24. It is rusty, dusty and grimey, but you can clean it with your chemical knowledge if you want to. Anyway... if you genuenly feel like any enemies or even... any friends are being "too cringe" or are in urgent need of "Adulting", you can use it. It has "Adulting Pan" engraved into the handle... so that you really feel the responsibility coarse through your bones as you smack them across the back of the head. Take it.". Ester chose to clean it because "hey! free frying pan", but kept the engraving obviosuly.
When faced in urgent altercations, conflicts or in self defense, she uses it as a first blood /strike kind of weapon, or as an unexpected wild card, because it gets deformed, from the extensive use it has, as it is constantly getting deformed and battered into shape by someone who is physically stronger than her after the slam. In casual banter, she also pulls it out to put cringy, annoying or stupid people in their place, wrecking havoc upon "spineless people" who "get on her nerves".


Ester is a 19 year old female. Her small body looks somewhat thin and a bit frail. Has dark circles under eyes.
Her somewhat sizeable eyes are green. Her hair is curly and red, with some blonde strands. Wears large, thin ring shaped earrings. Has a face that by default tells the world: "Go away.... eyesores...". Wears big, wool, winter sweaters. So young... so tragically young...

1000c
32kg|1.5m|Diagnosed Psychic w/ NPD/AS-PD@5y|Long red hair|lifetime abuse of calory-greedy powers, mostly 2 brutally Xploit, made body grow frail|Powers:={Telekinect-manipul8(x),∀x ∈({Innanim8 Solids&Fluids/Neurons,Hormones,inner monologue&images})}U{fly @ 750kph}U{Cre8 air blasts&blades}|Killed 100s|brain dmg/R-atic identity shifts/morbid self-h8&guilt/psychotic depression after Pre frontal cortex recovered from ambush@17|cold amber eyes|1tone voice|In2 hitting "cringe manipprs" w/ "Adulting Pan(TM)"|"Born 2 slay/Forced 2 rot"|Crafty old fox|167IQ|DIY chem wiz|Choleric&shelly|Eyes glow green when using powers, brightness depends on intensity|"Sorta, kinda, in2 hugs"|CS UG|Insecure @ body as it wont bulk up|Stern mask hides severe emotional neglect|porn addict|"I may be empty&wasted, but I am here & I am deathless"|"Straight outta psychward, anotha quirky man eater
More nerds I pack, yo, my rep gets bigger
I'm a bad bitch princess and they know me
But them pussy ass losers wont show it"

Likes: Getting man handled. Converting. Domming
Dislikes: Vanilla losers. Converts em


*Power definitons*

Psychic Powers:

Psychic powers are possessed often by people who, coincidentally, also possess high levels of intelligence or logical deduction capabilities. They have retinaless eyes. The source of their powers is a specialized organ that is the result of a very very rare mutation. It is jammed inside the frontal cortex, making psychics suffer very bad headackes while their skulls are still developing and toughening up. But it also coincides with their frequent needy and constantly hurt fase, so when  they cry and they get their side need met (hunger, diaper, etc.) they are conditioned to forget their headache, which also goes away with their skull becoming tougher and the brain developing around it anyway. When their powers are active, the first level of potential psychic energy grants the user a simple glow through their retinaless eyes, coming from their organ in the frontal lobe. Psychics can get insanely powerful. They can manage fluids, solids and gases around them, levitating objects and compressing and gathering gas for compressed air blasts. Really skilled ones can make spears which can also be deadly. They cant acess fluids inside vessels without opening the vessel first. They can read thoughts. They dont feel the emotions or vibes from the person, they can read verbal thinking and, if they actually are not psychos, get empathy from it after. They can also manipulate living beings' hormones. They can also manipulate themselves like any other object. fly and throw violent strikes with their limbs, puppeting themselves. Some really frail psychics can throw mma worthy punches with just this "Self puppeting" Thing, although its dangerous if they forget to close their fists for a punch, for example. They can, for example, get an idea of the hormone reserves and accumulated tensions of a human and, to get them, although arguably questionable, to get an orgasm with a sweep of their arms, if their control is fine enough. Its a very advanced skill and it often just ends up with the target getting a multiple second long weird feeling rush, with some emotions having nothing to do with what was intended to happen according to the psychic. The psychics choice of powers and their proficienty at the multiple variants depends on their life choices, interests, personalities, etc. Very hands on psychics may prefer, obviously, telekinesis, while others may prefer messing with hormones (Or... helping... depends on morals of course). Psychics who become too dependent on their very convenient, yet very draining and inneficient powers can grow up frail and with undermatured bodies for the age. Very undermatured even. Psychics who do not use them exessively or choose not to altogether grow up normally. Psychic powers are very demanding and even a very experienced psychic throwing a punch can, although slightly more powerful, be way more energy intensive than a normal punch. Being born with a psychic gland can make one somewhat... kinky, as, for some reason,  the persons hidden lusty side is highly enhanced. (Self... hormone manip :P?)
(a psychic masturbing: They just stand there... seemingly in space and then they just moan and then... things happen...)
Oh! And really seasoned, middle aged and very intensely practiced psychics can do stuff like flying at supercar speeds for short periods of time, as their bodies cannot metabolise as fast of course, but also, with enough focus, turn airlines into the ground. the pilot will likely just gain control again... or the autopilot... because its really hard but if the psychic had infinite chemical potential flowing to their brains they could crash a plane!
The first state of potential charge achievable is quite mild and is visible as the glowing eyes effect mentioned earlier. The allocable potential caloric energy for a  20cm wide air blast (we will use these blob air blasts as an example) is now 100joules. The second, is a faint green glow. The energy of that same blast is now 250joules. The third, is a very visible and vigorous bright green jade glow. The body musters up energy twice as fast. the fourth has the same visual effect, but the allocated calories per blast increase tenfold and the blasts charge thrice as fast. The example blasts can hold up to 2700 joules now. The 5th stage, the user on max charge, loses energy every second while charge quite quickly and the eyes and body glow vigorously and with a white hot radiance resembling manganese flames. The total potential energy of the example blast increases 30 fold. And remember: They are not limited to 20 cm wide necessarly... and can also make spears that pierce and, of course, air blades that slice or chop. Only veteran psychics or very sweaty and practiced psychics can reach this level.
*End of power definitions*



*Moment of Ester*
"
*In the middle of a 2 person convo where Ester just mentioned she goes to the gym often*

Person: Really? It does not look like it... If I saw you and spoke to you for a few seconds I would have gotten the impression you dont really care about sports... or that you play chess and like to just pull strings around... Youre not even that fa-

Ester: Be quiet. Be quiet, ok? *sigh...* want me to show you something? Touch my arm. Come on. No strings attached... Im not gonna hurt you ok? *speaks in a calm, eeriely soothing voice... I swear she could not look more suspiscious than this*

Person: *nervous* Oh....ok then... *starts touching Esters pettite arm. Its... hard like nails* wow... what is this?

Ester: *Holding back a primal scream... speaking in a tepid, soothing tone with an empty expression* See? I do go. I do have muscle... wanna know more? They havent grown in a whole year... and ive been brainstorming, researching and taking advice on how to get bigger since I started. Then... I decided to ask my nutricionist: "What is happening? Why am I not growing anymore?"
They replied: "Honestly... I am just as surprised as you are... we have no idea..."
I said: "Nutricionist? What if I took....steroids? like....tons of them? *suddently screams* TO MAKE MY DEMONS GO AWAY! *returns to previous tone* what about that?"

They said: "I personally would not,Ms Ester. Id also be thankful. Your skeleton is very frail *Ester represses an offended grunt* and... if your muscles grow any bigger, they could... snap every bone in your body. *Ester... goes pale...*"

Ester: And thats basically it, Tomoko... *Sits on the ground... rather abruptly... with a sigh... starts looking down, clenching fists... shaking with anger... yet maintains composure otherwise* M- My m- muscles... d- dont grow... other wise I can die... I can die tomoko... and there is no d- drug... that can s- save me..."


"...Yes... Why do I hate myself? Simple: Because I am a worm the life of which the universe keeps on sparing. A deathless, ratty, cheating, judgemental, silly in the head parasite. But ive learned that... if life wants me to keep going so bad... maybe there is a reason. Maybe there is friends, passions, duties and experiences the world still wants me to have. So... my motivation to life is just: "Ok then. Show me."
I am Ester Glacier, the rotten tumor from Leira. I am a ratty, sly parasite. A scumbag that cheats the death she is owed. But... I am deathless. So... I must stay.
*end of Ester moment*


*Ester reflections*


Ok: People asked me: If I played soccer, like Filipa, what would be my goal celebration? I think it would be: "I roll my eyes... wherever I am on the pitch... take off my hair bands... loosen it up... wave it while leaning my head back... feel it... and then put the rubber bands back on... like getting ready for work in the morning then... sigh..."


When it all seems to get too fluffy... and you call for adulting... "The queen of ego" will pick up the phone


You know what? After so much time... Ive realized: I dont need... to be physically strong. Ive been so stuck under a rock and pushing relentlessly and... Im already in a football team with Filipa, the Tomoko girl and Mafalda as a manager... I found an identity too! I am basically the reliable, ambitious and aloof tactical genius people go to for direct insight... while they go for Filipa for understanding insight. I get to manage and direct my team to victory! Sure... its not... as different... as unboxing as being able to trully free myself from all control possible... but... Ive been so fixated on improving... that I never questioned if I even had to... Sorry, Deolinda. I dont need you anymore. I think... I have inserted. I am Ester Glacier. I am the pathforging activist. Ill still go to the gym, though... the guys there are so cute, supportive and funny...




*in bed* *Ester is having a nightmare. ghosts from her past actions still haunt her. this is what she sees and hears: "what I like to do is find someone maleable. After I find someone squishy enough, I will begin to praise them and seduce them until they fall for me! :) Then, for phase number 2, I will eventually rot away a passage in their brains by giving them mixed signals here and there and by threatning to leave them all alone. Then, I smoothly and gradually get under their skin and find out who they really are. After that, Im already inside them. Interesting place. Not gonna stay for long though. As I take in the view, I will start pressing random buttons! See what happens! Ohh... that red bright scary light is on! I will do this for a while until I get bored. Then I will ask them for favors (you will do it for me, wont you?). Then, after I hijack their minds, they will finally be acceptible to be with me. Then, they will join my horde of slaves to do my whimsical bidding for me. And thats it! Thats how you domesticate your significant other! All they are now is a rotten, broken, messy, grey, confused hunk of meat that is both obedient and proactive! For me! For more tutorials subscribe and turn on the notifications!"*


"...Yes... Why do I hate myself? Simple: Because I am a worm the life of which the universe keeps on sparing. A deathless, ratty, cheating, judgemental, silly in the head parasite. But ive learned that... if life wants me to keep going so bad... maybe there is a reason. Maybe there is friends, passions, duties and experiences the world still wants me to have. So... my motivation to life is just: "Ok then. Show me."
I am Ester Glacier, the rotten tumor from Leira. I am a ratty, sly parasite. A scumbag that cheats the death she is owed. But... I am deathless. So... I must stay.



*End of Ester Reflections*


*Ester moment before the incident*

There is a girl called Ester. She is 19 years old. Has low height for the age (145 cm), weights as mutch as the average 12 year old girl. Is cool like ice, seeing everything as a machine made of Sets, vectors, graphs and logical premisses. (Does not like to admit it). Lets get to the point: She is a cheating, prototypically narcissistic, abusive, blunt, scheming, cruel, cold ass bitch. Some force of even greater evil decided to even give her broken ass psychic powers to top it off. Diagnosed with her narcisism and sociopathy at the age of 5. Way too smart for anyones well being. Does this in the most disgusting and disgusted way possible. Ok here is proof and example of the given statement: One day when she was still 16, she woke up and remembered she had a grudge against this girl who once got a slightly better grade than her at organic chemistry (she was already taking chemistry engineering in college). And it was against
that specific one because she was "kind of a pain to manipulate". she then flies to her house,( which is like a normal person sprinting for 20km straight), is spotted inside her room by the parents, and, while the hosts are breathtaken by the shock, she takes a sigh of frustration, lowers all the shutters all the way, walks up to the father, slaps him in the face, kicks him in the nuts, does a judo throw on him. Before the mother can make a call, she hijacks her mind, slams her into a wall has hard as she can, putting her unconscious and bleeding.She just broke the fathers back and the mothers skull. then rewinds their memories, puts them in an unconscious state controlled by her, makes a small cut in the mothers wrist. Then, tilts all the paintings in the hallway and dumps all their bottled water. After that, spits in the fathers face, then thinks: "I want some brain omelet!" grabs the mans head and slams it so hard into the marble covered floor it bounces and makes a meaty "thud!". it starts bleeding. Then leaves." Has long orange/blonde hair, black eyes, wears opulent clothing, carrying herself covered in jewelry and makeup. Has a babyface, and a body that makes her look like she is on 3 hp. Has bags under eyes. Has a boyfriend that she enjoys "Entertaining" herself with. Does not understand "working out" as it "selects dumb people". She can somehow allways get away with only comming up with solutions for problens that only fit the specific situations she finds herself in. She has reality at the palm of her hands and we are all merely convenience items.
One day, when she turned 17, she decided to do something special for herself as a gift. After throwing away all her gifts, that she thought "were dumb", she thinks: "I just CRAVE something my brain actually has to CHEW! And makeup. I love me some makeup. Im just glad my parents still dont know what I am...". Ok, when she says this... it just screams red flag. Anyway... she goes up to her mothers desk, where she was having a meeting, turns off her brain. Just flips it off. Takes her credit card and leaves the house. Her husband finds her in the middle of a cardiac arrest and takes her to the hospital. She then flies to "the best mall I could find". Takes a breather and eats the fattiest burger she can find, because "Fine. If I am a disgusting animal that gets tired, Im gonna eat so mutch I wont have to do it again". As a 34 kilo thread of a person, she almost throws up. Not even herself is safe... She then pulls up to a makeup shop and buys 340 euros in makeup from her now hospitalized mothers credit card. Before leaving she, unexplainably, charges up a psychic blast for like 3 minutes (170 seconds) straight, slowly so that her eyes dont start glowing and her body floating, (as fucking Helios from yakui the maid is playing in the background during the second drop), Blows it up, with this one being so intense that, even with so much experience, she got a bit concussed, giving a seizure to an healthy athlete  just beside her and killing the 3 other closest people . The rest in a 100 meter radius fell unconscious. It was not meant to be a clean, as it generated so mutch capacitive sparks (from resonance. She needed to tune the frequency while charging), that she broke 2 atms 8.5 meters away and... all the relevant security cameras were off. (hmmmm.....) Imagine hating the guts out of someone so mutch that the blinding rage makes you swing a sword with enough force to, not the blade, but your arm, as you miss the swing, shatter skulls. She did this, because she saw where some rando in the same makeup shop as her, that was 17 meters away before the blast, parked his "broke negro's car". She then flies away with all the makeup (She had to go for higher brands so that she could actually carry it), leaves the makeup in a hideout she made her past 4 boyfriends families (not including the current one) "help" her build (Its an actual house at this point) in the middle of nowhere, (17 right now, mind you). Flies to the hospital, fainting anyone who saw her fly up close, and pulls up at her mothers bed. "You forgot her credit card dad! Thats irresponsible, you know?" "Im sorry, my princess, you are right, as always, but I just had to grab everything and come. Wait how did you find u- you know what? That does not matter... we needed you here, sweetie... Can you tell dad anything that could have happened to mom before I arrived?" "Dunno... I was away.. she was in a meeting before I left... thats all I know..." The police then investigated:  there were fingerprints on the card, yes but thats because Ester delivered it in the hospital, the copious expenses? no one at the shop even remembered what happened that day, and the victim was brain dead during the whole time. Yes, this is how she normally buys makeup.


*End of incident*

*A big Reflection*
I see a person. A person who is pragmatic. Smart. Resourceful. A person who reads the environment with boredom inducing confidence and clarity. They know what to use. What to rely on and what to ditch. They leverage the environment and circumstances. They are dead eyed in front of opportunities they value. They show no mercy or hesitation. They show no kindness, when in front of chances. They are straightforward. They are like sly foxes. No one notices, or even cares about their presence, until these especimen have an open goal in front of them. Then, they realize. Too bad, because any witnesses already had no chance by then, until they are at the top, until they get the job. The flag in the ctf lobby. They have no brute strength or raw skill. They despise straightforward work. The entire world is a huge, yet simple system for them. They never achieved anything with raw effort, or experienced consistency induced confidence. They have an ad hoc approach to every task they encounter. They are also weak in any kind of talent. In a world where critical damage is triple of base, average people with their achievments have 70 base damage. Their critical hits are random and few and far between. This person has a base damage of 25. They crafted a life where they only have to rely on criticals. They slot into any situation always with the right approach. They calculate and try to predict. They are warm blooded predators of opportunities. Or parasites? You decide. They are doctorates in the art of luck, allways appearing at the right times and places, surprising all. Do they work hard or not? You decide. They are part of the environment. Even when quietly acknowledging own victories, they dont brag. There are no surprises out there. Or any anywhere and ever. Human is but a thinking reed. Think hard or get bashed into oblivion in a whim. They are agile, but fragile. They hold onto each ledge on the huge terrifying moutain with everything they have. Thats when they are straightforward. They analyze and know every ledge 5 steps ahead. Cant afford to lose one. Or you will surely lose everything. You called her. She replied: "Hello.  Its Ester in the yard. What do you want that you cant do yourself? I feel non existant. I am a dream.
But.. I eat the bare minimum, right? So why do I still feel the biggest hole? I may be 19 with the body of a 12 year old, But this dark abyss is the size of the universe itself. People like me should not exist. No one that exists should not be like me. A tumor of the blood. A hunk of undetectible tissue that just... exists. I survive, yet, I am not sure if I live. I barely hang on to this supersonic train, with human muscles, limbs, arms, hands and nails. I hang on to a crack that luckly appeared when a tree feel on it yesterday. My entire life is like this. How... am I alive? Am I... still alive?"
*End of said reflection*


*Nightmare and reflection:*


*So listen up you dead brained cave monkeys! I am your good ol princess, emperess, leader Ester! I am cute, i am original and I am genius embodied! I can antecipate any bullshit, so dont try to run! And... dont ask me how but I also know exactly what you are thinking! I am a true empath! I will get up in the morning, boot up a pirated provider of netflix. Then I will ask you, you giant monkeys, to do my entire bidding! You are bound by my words and my most whimsical wishes! You are slow and pathetic! I am ALL THAT I AM FUCKING GORGEOUS! IS THAT CLEAR? YOU COME TO MY ROOM AND YOU WILL DO MY CLEANING, MASSAGE ME, DO MY BORING HOMEWORK AND LAUGHT AT YOUR INCOMPETENCE AND ANGUISHED MAGGOT STRUGGLES WHILE I WATCH NETFLIX UNTIL I AM BORED, INSULT YOU UNTIL I RUN OUT OF IDEAS AND REPEAT! I AM YOUR LITTLE PEST! But I am also irresistble... you know you cant say no to this face... now can you? Im such an irresistible and unnapolagetic princess with pretty priveledge and Dubai personality... but its just dumb to try and escape. You will try just to get shut down, personally beatup by me as I laugh hysterical from the sadistic pleasure I get from doing it! If you spill blood before you start crying I get 5 points. If you do that and you are a darkie you get none because thats fucking expected. If you are asian, you get 10 because you are pathetic whimps!Then you will swallow down a bit more of your will to live. Just to go buy me my favourite brands of make up with your money! Just to resume working for me like the good people you are!* AHHHHH!!!!!! That was some dream!.. damn... I feel... exausted... Ok... where are the strong pills, now?...


Ive come so far... Ive faced so much agony... Is this the end? Am I doomed? Should I ask for euthanasia? I dont care if no one gets it! I get it! There is no hope for me! I am a hideous, broken monster! I may control, but I never created anything... I deserve death "Shut up right now!" FILIPA?! "Yes! Its me! I just pulled up and Im ready to own all these noobs right now! IM GONNA OUTSHINE THIS ENTIRE GALAXY! Just what do you think you are doing? Dont you have any genuine pride? Are you not the main character?! You just make me SICK with how little you are trying!" WHAT DID YOU SAY?! "YEAH! THATS RIGHT! WITH ALL THAT CYNICAL GROANING AND TOUGH COOKIE ACT! You are just so hopelessly lame!" GRRRR!!! YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT ME, YOU.... YOU!...."CUT IT OUT! You are better than this! You may have been a sociopath, and you have only just begun to see the damage you can make with your own eyes thanks to the result of a punishment from the universe! BUT YOU HAVE ARMS AND LEGS AND MUSCLES! AND A KICKASS BRAIN! AND a hard hitting earth shattering raging spirit. I used to hate you, then I felt pity. Now you make me sooo angry! PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER, WILL YA???!!!!!" Filipa!..."I may not ever be able to forgive you, but... I wont let you abandon yourself! I hate you, but Im not indifferent to what youve been through and never said that you dont deserve to walk along with the rest of humans on this earth full of fun and emotion! I would be disappointed in you, although not shocked, if you actually ended uo thinking that. Thats why Ive been watching you!" D... dont you need to know where ... I am to..." Ester dont pretend that you understand everything! People barely know psychic powers exist! I just know I can talk to you and that I am doing it right now! and then I just do it by simply believing! Do the same! Not everything makes sense! Thats the reality! Believe!" ....... Thanks Filipa. " You are welcome, bitch princess! Now... go kick some butt in life! THOSE SCARS ARE NOTHING FOR THE PEOPLE WHO TRULLY KNOW HOW TO LIVE! CMON ESTER! IMMA GO NOW! KICK THAT MONSTERS BUTT! MAKE IT YOUR MAID!"
*End of that moment*


*Another moment*
*Moment of Ester*
"
*In the middle of a 2 person convo where Ester just mentioned she goes to the gym often*

Person: Really? It does not look like it... If I saw you and spoke to you for a few seconds I would have gotten the impression you dont really care about sports... or that you play chess and like to just pull strings around... Youre not even that fa-

Ester: Be quiet. Be quiet, ok? *sigh...* want me to show you something? Touch my arm. Come on. No strings attached... Im not gonna hurt you ok? *speaks in a calm, eeriely soothing voice... I swear she could not look more suspiscious than this*

Person: *nervous* Oh....ok then... *starts touching Esters pettite arm. Its... hard like nails* wow... what is this?

Ester: *Holding back a primal scream... speaking in a tepid, soothing tone with an empty expression* See? I do go. I do have muscle... wanna know more? They havent grown in a whole year... and ive been brainstorming, researching and taking advice on how to get bigger since I started. Then... I decided to ask my nutricionist: "What is happening? Why am I not growing anymore?"
They replied: "Honestly... I am just as surprised as you are... we have no idea..."
I said: "Nutricionist? What if I took....steroids? like....tons of them? *suddently screams* TO MAKE MY DEMONS GO AWAY! *returns to previous tone* what about that?"

They said: "I personally would not,Ms Ester. Id also be thankful. Your skeleton is very frail *Ester represses an offended grunt* and... if your muscles grow any bigger, they could... snap every bone in your body. *Ester... goes pale...*"

Ester: And thats basically it, Tomoko... *Sits on the ground... rather abruptly... with a sigh... starts looking down, clenching fists... shaking with anger... yet maintains composure otherwise* M- My m- muscles... d- dont grow... other wise I can die... I can die tomoko... and there is no d- drug... that can s- save me..."


"...Yes... Why do I hate myself? Simple: Because I am a worm the life of which the universe keeps on sparing. A deathless, ratty, cheating, judgemental, silly in the head parasite. But ive learned that... if life wants me to keep going so bad... maybe there is a reason. Maybe there is friends, passions, duties and experiences the world still wants me to have. So... my motivation to life is just: "Ok then. Show me."
I am Ester Glacier, the rotten tumor from Leira. I am a ratty, sly parasite. A scumbag that cheats the death she is owed. But... I am deathless. So... I must stay.
