Filipa Ember

I am Filipa! The queen of the entirety of earth!

Hello! I am Filipa! I am 21 years old. I am enrolled in CS @ FCT, Portugal! I am a diagnosed psychic. I have ADHD, I am Bi and Im also an idiot! I enjoy making shitty programs with CUM as a topic! I also like playing football and f*ng the opposition after the matches! If they are hot enough that is...  But I wonder... what does any of this mean? Why have I chosen not to leave? I recently made ammends with my parents and they know about my powers! We speak with my Telepathy alot when @ college...


I woke up in the last day of a weekend. The dawn of a week. It was rather rainy during the morning. I woke up in the afternoon. The ground outside was slippery, reflective, Like a ray tracing benchmark, like That snooker balls render test that shows in those computer reviews. I am getting "Real life eyes" Fps right now. Shiny, colorful, yet textured, as it had been raining for quite a while now. The brown from chips tree trunks let out. The pine cones. The distant wind. The minute rain that falls all round, that tickles the skin. I get up, take breakfast. Oat meal, fruits... and an omlette. I wash the dishes, dress up. I wanna play football today. I bring my ball with me. So I deploy it and begin dribbling. I plan dribbling to the pitch where my team trains. I know its raining. But I dont mind. I keep having to dodge lots of puddles... leaping with the ball on my feet. I speed up, starting to leave squirts of water behind me as I step on the ground with the energy of a solid jog. Finally, I arrive. Its rather rundown... Loads of memories. I know each pothole, each moss patch on the sides of the concrete stands. There are puddles in the entrance to the lockerooms. A massive blob of mud near the home goal. As I asked for the keys to the stadium entrance gates yesterday from coach, I now have acess to training equipment. I open the cabinet where we store the cones, kits... I put one on... my cleets and then my shorts. I had to get on panties because, first of all: There is absolutely no one here... (Ok I am lying... there was a pickup truck passing by some trails that run alongside the track and field sections of the stadium and... I used psychic powers... and he saw me... Welp... who cares). Anyways... I get out some cones... a few soccerballs. I begin by doing some streching, my legs... my shoulders... move my wrists and knees... crackling my fingers... then setting the cones I got from the closet. Then I begin. Until you see me. I then squint my eyes, hovering one hand over them. There you are. "Hello!" I yell.. 


Filipa
Type: Psychic
Age: 21 years (F)
Height: 174cm
Weight: 80kg
Built a bit like a Mewtwo.(She asked us to put that here). She has jade, retinaless eyes, smooth, black hair, her face is somewhat chubby. Her body is composed of a somewhat strong core, relatively muscular and sturdy legs, and somewhat built back muscles. The rest is average. She wears no jewelry or accessories and when not doing sports, she wears a hoodie and cargo pants everywhere she goes. She is devotedly straight edge. She has 3 favourite cuddle touch spots (I wanna say kinks but....): Her left ear, her abdomen and her left pinky toe.
Desc: Excentric and energy pumped, very binary when it comes to picking between hedonism and being responsible. Has a life peppered with incredibly coherent and smart moments (when 'feeling like it') mixed with some one brain cell moments as well. Wants to be a mother and is plotting for that goal every day. Filipa is the average height for her age. She has really strong legs due to her hyperfixation on working them out. She trains her core a lot because she wants to protect her future baby. She has several obsessions: Programming, Physics, Football, and moving really fast and for very long. People who spot Filipa look at her like: 'Damn... can't just stay still for like... 2 seconds?!' She is not just resilient or gritty: she is rubber-like. Mentally, way more mature than common sense may lead us to believe. Carries herself like a child on her third life. Has autism, is clumsy and impulsive. Most of the time, she looks like a goofy young woman who is completely unaware during formal settings. Trips all over the place. Easily teased. Easily stressed. Low defense, but very blunt. Gets annoyed at 'casuals' who don't fully understand the complete nuances or know all the details of her incredibly niche and specific interest pool and internal worlds. Unintentionally insensitive. Low self-awareness. Creative. Loud. Playful. Non-conforming. Easily mistaken as naive. Has psychic powers. Can't control them very well. Used to be good but then got rusty. Flashy in terms of demeanor, personality, tastes, word choices, and hobbies. Dismissive of her own appearance. Wastes potential there. Has blue eyes, black chest-level hair, surprisingly, no dark under eyes, due to unexpectedly healthy sleeping habits for a , restless, programming junkie, autistic girl with severe ADD. Comes off as irrational. Listens to sewerslvt. Enjoys challenges. Independent, inflexible thinker. Straightforward. Bisexual. Had a crush on everyone in class for almost all of middle school. Unreasonably resents her rigid, although caring parents. 'I'm right until I feel like admitting otherwise. I just "conform" when I feel like being left alone.' Has enough kindness to spare for everyone, all the time, for this life, the three previous ones and following, deep inside her heart. Sometimes genuenly thinks she is the "QUEEN OF THE PLANET OF THE EARTH!!!!!!!!!" with no sarcasm intended whatsoever. Very observant. A childhood full of teasing and perceived denial of individuality, but every day woke up thinking: 'Let's do this.' Tsundere side character turned protagonist.
She is into a weird relationship dynamic she claims to have invented called: "GoingBlow4Blow": (all of this playfully) basically... you try to find weaknesses in eachother and compete against them and, if the other goes down or is vulnerable, you get em up, dust em off, ask em : "you good to continue?" and resume if yes (or tease them... it depends), as she calls it "Throwing hands" again. And vice versa. Because of her taste and biases, assumes the person can "Take her on". The objective is to keep the game going for as long as possible. Anyone can surrender at any time. The one who surrenders has to obey the other and if there is no org**** yet, from this point on, its basically about making it happen as quick as possible.
"Either they win or I win. Makes no difference. If I am getting squished, punched, and squishing and punching and digging my teeth and getting bitten, wether by life or someone else... omg I always lose my MIND! That is my kink. That is my life. That is my vision. That is my ultimate goal". Resorting to her psychic powers is, for her, always an afterthought. if the partner cannot compete, she will default to being a switch.
And my god its like this tough cookie cannot physically stay still! she is also planning to music. She plans on creating samba mixed with post metal rock using software she will buy with job money and a guitar she will learn how to play! Like.... lighthearted, summer ass, contemplative cafe ass that then switches to metal, punk rock anger.

Big Persona:
Filipa Ember
1.75m|Diagnosed psychic|Portugal|80kg|Some acne|Ultra strong legs&built/abs&back 2 'carry a family'|In2 aerobic sports/physics/DIY software(Github repos r her 'babies')|Nerdy bedroom programmer|self-conscious/closeted people pleaser&goofer|stubburn yet open-minded|Str8-edge|lacks skill w/ psychic powers|Makes music w/ bossa nova beats&gritty/long postmetal riffs|Plain hoody&Cargo pants|In2 careGiving&Going Blow4Blow Dynamics|Autism/ADHD/Bisexual/Shelly/blunt&nosy|Lets go quickly/takes 'no's badly|Teasable brat/teases back||Easly frustr8ed|Lusty|guillable|Studies hard @ college|"Gender? No. Just weirdo"|Jade retinaless eyes|silky black hair|Clumsy klutz|8s ignorant people|Fixated w/ the Baki show|Doubtful essence under hype mask|Luvs c**|Can run VERY fast&Has breath 4 days|Ride or die/'Puller upper' friend|D-cup|Can make up to 3HP @ quads|UnXpressive but charming|Resilient w/ Rubber-like spirit|Funpilled|LPHF supporter (Let People Have Fun)|"Blue pill? Red pill? Bro?! Go 2 real doctor!"
(Deep) Quotes: 

Cum pumps/2 go bl0w
"Practice, is always what life is about. every little thing, every movement, every methodical musing and thought. Every dance and every fornication act. It all revolves around skill, talent... and practice. Embrace practice like it is life, not like it is detrimental to it. Embrace practice like what gives you joy, not like what robs you of it. Embrace practice. become one with your own will to improve, not using it. become sensitive to ways to enrich your own being... by practicing. By absorbing the experiences, the touches, your senses. By threading atop the pebbles of the scorching summer hot tarmac road, in the rural portuguese village. Atop the guard rails in this local road you walk on full of cyclists, and downhill skaters. All practicing, all enjoying. All the philosophers, all the poets, all the vibers. All the different people that make up the mesh... of existence. As god did not make the universe and then us, it was the other way around. We are the universe."

"We are on a walk, there is a beam in the sky, no one knows where it hides, its bright like a ball of light, its the castle in the sky. Why not live on it, as long as it does not crumble? Why not be delusional about yourself? Why not be grandiose? When everything in life seems so meaningless?"

"My life is warm, tap water from a mildly warm, cloudy, dusty air filled afternoon in the second week into summer break. Filled with grime, dust, bacterias, old syrynges, medications and my whole self spread real thin. Its pasty, dusty, mushy, moshy, messy, and mashed with all kinds of disgusting nightmare creatures on it. You, me, my brother and even famous CEOs. A tapestry of existence, decay and staleness. Of futility and and speckled with faint moments of euphoria and even genuine hope... that never last."

*Filipa moments*

Type: Musical Single
Author: Filipa's Soccer Fans
Genre: Football chant.
Title: Let Fun Happen!
Vibe: *Let! fun! ha! pen!* *Clap!* *Clap! Clap! Clap!* *Clap!* 
*Let! fun! ha! pen!* *Clap!* *Clap! Clap! Clap!* *Clap!* *Let! fun! ha! pen!* After my team lost their chance to move out of district level... we all sat on the pitch... contemplating everything... every expectation... every demand... every self critical, heavy talk musing... every belief. So... as our opponents left celebrating... we all sat there... as it had become all too familiar... at home soil. Our old fans... every pothole... every deformation... every bump... we sat on top of it all... after going through team, after team... we knew the pitch like our homes bathrooms... we trained on rain, sun, wind and... there... there was an earthquake once... and we saved ourselves... by running to here... but yet... the fans continue... *Let! fun! ha! pen!* *Clap!* *Clap! Clap! Clap!* *Clap!* 
*Let! fun! ha! pen!* *Clap!* *Clap! Clap! Clap!* *Clap!* *Let! fun! ha! pen!* are they dumb? we lost... right? *sniff* we... lost... right? *This was awesome!* *clap clap clap clap* *This was awesome!* *clap clap clap clap clap* *This was awesome!* So I get up... my teamatea follow... some hanging by anothers shoulder... and the chants devolve into roars... and... unissin clapping... with flashes... the flashes... *sniff* The flashes burned into me... a tear in my eye... the night... the fog. So then... we leave the pitch. No music on my phone. Nothing. We all pack our stuff. We greet eachother. *See you in training!* *Seeya!* *Seeya!* *Goodbye!* Goodbye guys... I get dropped by the bus at home. Then grab my keys from my sports back, twist it inside the hole, enter my appartment, turn on the lights. Then... I take a sigh... head to the kitchen, grab some takeaway from the fridge... eat. Then... I dress up, shower, wash my teeth... and go to bed, all while feeling... this oddly healing silence... thats both haunting, eerie, personal and grounding. So surreal... I them close my eyes... and fall asleep.


Filipa gets a fast fixie


This is the story of what happened when Filipa got a fixie road bike from her parents with  a gear ratio used in pro cycling time trials. So her parents, have been thinking about this for a while... and Filipa never knew... they hid it well from her... and so because she never knew what they were up to, she never bothered reading their thoughts. But... after Filipa completed 3rd year of college having only missed 1 subject, they got really happy for her, because the money they had been saving was not in vain. They said: "Filipa: throughout all of your current college journey, we have been speaking with your previous teachers and psychologists about your tastes... and obcessions... to know you a bit better... you are always so reserved... and we found out... your sporty vibe, your nerdy computer fixation, isnt it you, little tomboy?... and... we have a present for you!" Filipa: "But I dont need presents! I already have everything that I need! Im too old for presents!" But... what if we told you... that we saved up 1000 euros that you have at your disposal at right now... and... suggested you to go buy... a road bike? You know... one of the first introductory things you used to say to therapists in sessions was that your current mountain bike is "too slow"... right? That it does not let you go fast enough... you can... and because we are letting you choose, as the independent person that you are... you can choose model, color... 1000 euros is enough right? We cannot save much more... but its what you... are you... Filipa: "Mom! Just... thanks... so much... thanks... B- But... JUST GIVE ME! GIVE ME! GIVE ME! I WANNA GO BUY! I CAN HUG YOU LATER OK? THANK YOU! You know me so well... You really do! *gasp* IM GONNA BECOME KNOWN AS THE "FIXIE MOTOGP GIRL"! Im gonna buy a black fixie! to match my hair! AND IM GONNA RETURN BY RIDING IT IN THE HIGHWAY!" Filipa? "Yes?" No. "Fine..."
*So then filipa went and really bought it! This Bike allowed her, impossible for any typically fit person, to, in theory, reach over 70 kph with only some mild struggle!* Filipa was finally riding it... she got on it... "WOW! ITS SO LIGHT!" then tries to shake it appart with violence "WOW! it does not even squeak!" COME ON! LETS KICK SOME ASS! *She then starts stomping on the pedals... with visciousness... accelerating...* "Ok... what does the speed say.... FUCK! ITS IN MPH! I DONT FEEL LIKE DOING MATH NOW! FUCK IT LETS JUST FLOOR IT!" Filipa then started flooring the pedals into submission! She then rolled into the street, quickly gaining speed "Ok... its time to achieve... the legendary meme". She knew a school nearby. There was a cop too! She knew... it was her chance. She put on a mischiveous grin and waved at the police near the school, who were monitoring a radar camera they had set up. also... it was a straight... and the kids were all in recess too! So... she stopped... the bike. then got on it again... pedaling... with immense force! She gained more, and more and more speed! She was absolutely LEANING FORWARD! Grinning maniacally, almost aroused at herself for what she was doing! She accelerated more and more and more! She went by the speed camera, and as she did it, she yelled: "LOOOK!". And the veredict is: 67 kph! No doubt about it. its... school ticket speed! in... a slight incline too! Filipa then... had to pay a SPEED TICKET! While riding her bycicle! The confused looks on the cops faces were the best part for Filipa, delightfully taking in every detail in their expressions... the kids gripping to the school gradings... mesmerised that this huge legged girl managed to get a speed ticked riding a bycicle... they then went back to their educators... in syncronicity, to tell them about the whole ordeal... the educators simply dismissed them though... but yeah... thats what happened



"BITCHES CALL ME MOTO GP!"
"IM YOWAMUSHi ROSSI, BASTARDS!"


Ok: lets calculate Filipas POWAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!


Ok no. Im making a physics exercise here. Lets figure out how much power she was making! ok: lets assume 1- the fixie has no drag. 2- the coefficient of rolling resistance can be this random number I pulled out of an article "0.01832". lets assume she is in like... the plains of south america for the least power... ok what can be considered low air density?. Oh! lets assume that for the camera the air was still and that we are in the andes! So its gonna be her velocity squared! 

Ok... 0.9. We can assume she is a rectangle right? so its easier? She is a girl so... like... 45cm of width and then we use her height? Its fair... we are also assuming she is riding with the lowest possible air density too... so her area is (1.74*0.45)m2 which is 0.783 m2. this is for the force she was exerting. Ok. Now we have a constant force to work with. lets assume the fly by lasted like 30 seconds. and that the force was the same for the entire stretch, so mechanical energy was always added for every distance, and she was the only contributor. and also lets assume she is riding with no inclination because it should not skew it too much and can compensate for assuming she is a rectangle. We are ready to calculate power!
Wait no! there is a formula for power! total force times velocity! We dont need to calculate mechanical energies! Nice!

So... and we can use 0.9 for Filipas Car! Thats a cyclist's typical Car on race day! So...

For air drag force... we have:

0.5*airDensity*(vRel)^2*A *Car!

then... for rolling drag we have... assuming we are on the surface of the planet of earth...

9.81 ms^2

0.01832* 9.81 * filipaMass =  0.01832* 9.81 * 80.

And the final result for FORCE is:

airForce+ dragForce.

so...

the result is:


(0.5*0.9 *(18.61)^2*0.783*0.9 + 0.01832×80×9.81)N! ~= 124 N!

then... speed. Her speed in the feat was 67kph! which is 18.6 mps!
So... 124* 18.6 is... about 2333 watts! which is 2.333 KW... which is.............

3hp.


Oh my sweet jesus Filipa just generated 3hp. Thats is CRAAAZY!


YOU SEE THAT HORSE OVER THERE? I AM 3 TIMES STRONGER!

(Ok we know that horses generate that power while slightly bothering because if they are actually pumped we dont even get a chance to get a read but dont tell her)


Based Filipa moment, recalled by herself:

"So me and my emo shithead friend Jacinto were on our way to his house where we would do... diverse types of activities! Nuanced Yappering, Fighting, A staring contest while Eating chips, Studying physics... So anyways we were going right? And we have to cross a bridge by train to get there! So we got in the train and some guards were outside. And momma always told me we gotta respect the guards! Because they work really hard and are out there to assure our well being and safety!!!!!!! SO ANYWAYS the emo started talking to me, and I started talking to him. And then we started talking to eachother! So we were already getting all freaky and stuff, with him flirting and me laughing... but then... HE STARTED GOING OFF ON THE AUTHORITIES BRO!!!! BRO WAS CALLING 'EM FAKE AAHH BIXES, PHONIES AND FRAUDS! BUT MOMMA TAUGHT ME THEY WERE IMPORTANT! HE EVEN MIDDLE FINGERED A POLICE MAN ON AN INTERMEDIATE STATION! BRROOO!!!! And he was talking all melancholic, and slow and whinny and "Fuck da society >(" and "My parents sux >-<" Going all cynical, venty crybaby, all self assured and pessimistic and shit AND BRO WAS PISSING! ME! OFF!!!!!111!1!1!So I cocked back my arm... slowly... looked at him in the eyes... menacingly... like and then... that dense scrub! He kept going! Bro was not getting the hint! So I had to get my getback for my police Men brothernim! So I cocked it all the way AGAIN! AND SMASHED HIS JAW WITH A FULL POWERED STRAIGHT! AND THEN YELLED AT HIM: "DOOOONNNNNNTTTTT DISSSSRREEESSSPEEECCTTTT THEEEEE POOOLLLIIICCCEEEE MAAAAANNNNN!!!!!!!! LEARN SOME MANNERS YOU FORNICATING DUNG BEETLE FOR A BRAIN!"
And yes, we got it on @ home. We played mind games... and even combined college physics homework with Fascinating,  Nerd-sex positions!!!!!! I came up with one where a Hugs the bottom by the back above the ground and pounds 'em with a strappon! works for all sexes! SO ANYWAY BYYEEEE!!!!"


My second happiest day wearing a jersey was when I scored my first goal in a club. My first was when... well... it was full crowd, We were facing the Benfica in my age group!. We were a third division team. It was a friendly! We were pumped! almost no one from home even bothered to show up. We were focused and confident. I gave them my main character speech and got out of the lockerroom! We are in the pitch. we do the little cheesy circle sports cucks do or something. Then the game starts!!!! They are the home team so they start! Their monster forward moves with ruthless velocity! our keeper was barely awake! And he scores! Wow... they took 5 seconds to score! And 5 seconds its just the max time coaches gave us to think about the more complicated plays! So anyways, me and some teamates ran up to them and joined their celebration! We belly danced and gave a huge show! It was so mutch fun! After that game, that we tied, I got the number of that beast they call their forward Carlos! We went on a date. He is also a poet! What a beatiful man...


You bet. Next up is filipa! A hyperactive  dynamo psychic with a persona mixed with goofy and edgy with one hell of an attitude. She is bi, she is teasable and she enjoys going blow for blow with whoever as long as they keep up! Dont get too close (she can pick locks remotely with telekinesis so it does not really matter... also she is not really repressed, she just really loves f***ing. And she takes no prisioners!). She enjoys programming, bodybuilding and sports! She is somehow both kind and aloof, loves asking weird ass questions and analyzing people, is curious, both braindead goofy and philosopher deep. She has difficulty adulting and is a huge brat. She wears hoodies anytime she is not playing sports (excluding showers and beach but thats about it!). People complain about what they perceive as childishness, recklessness or even arrogance. Wherever she goes she always has the look of someone who has genuenly already seen it all! If she feels you dont give her enough affection, she will come back home and rage journal about you, but if she then hears knocking on her door, because she is so hyperfixated on everyone she has  met or spoken to during the day, specially you, she will drop everything and... "Omg... these flowers....they are ugly! *adjusts them* My bed is a mess! *Speedruns making her bed, fetches drinks, fetches food, makes table* *Opens door while looking like crap* *Its... the mailman... with the playing card set she ordered like 2 months ago*. Also... she is 21 (F), 175cm, 78kg, very muscular on the legs, somewhat ignores arms, built back and core. My god she looks like mewtwo! Legs are soo out of porportion with the rest... Thats what she wants though so..., She wears cargo pants, sneakers, hoodies, has jade retinaless eyes, small nose, always has a distant aloof look on her face which is absolutely different from how she engages with people, with her witty, visceral and raw charm. Playful and clumsy. Very upset at "casuals". Very distracteable and teasable. Has received lots of complaints from the people she speaks to that she is way too....blunt and raw and bordering on inconsiderate sometimes (and many times, even if only trying to have fun, very inconsiderate). Ok I think thats all


How I do B pullin up:

*Suddently.... on the top of a roof.... 10 meters away... with a slightly spread out leg stance...wearing a hoodie... trainers... sneakers... and my god THAT ACNE! MY GOD, GIRL! GO TO A PHARMACY AND GET SOME SOAP! JESUS! Anyways... bright green eyes sparkling from within the darkness of the hood covered face... a plain hood, some jeans and long hair running from inside the head covering fabric. with hands on pant pockets... with a cocky smirk visible from the unshaded part of their face... Looking confident. Then... she... takes of her hood... Its... its..." FILIPA BIIITTTCHHHH!!!"*

"So you think you are the main character, huh?! Very funny! No one is the main character! In this world we are all pathetic! Just accept it! Like... you cant even prove you are the main character!" No...  no i cant. But YOU ALSO CANNOT PROVE THAT I AM NOT! So I will just believe it! I will believe it and crash into every wall that appears in my path filled with a burning desire to become awesome! And I will actually become awesome! Im not gonna just stand and hide behind a screen like a office worker! Im not gonna hide from pain behind layers of abstraction like a stupid dumb philosopher! I wont hide behind sarcasm and cynnicism like a talk show commedian! I am not gonna achieve awesomeness to just have it! Because I BELIVE I AM THE MAIN CHARACTER SO I! AM! THE MAIN CHARACTER! AND WHEN MAIN CHARACTERS DO MAIN CHARACTER SHIT, EVERYTHING BECOMES POSSIBLE, MILLIONS OF COLOURS SUDDENTLY FILL EVERYONES EYES AND INCREDIBLY BEAUTIFUL THINGS HAPPEN! IM NOT GONNA ACHIEVE, DISSOCIATE OR CONQUER! I WILL BECOME AWESOMENESS ITSELF! I AM FILIPA!


One for a very cocky girl: "So anyways... I score my shitty tap in right? So then... what Filipa, the queen of earth does is, stamp on the ground with her dominant tree trunk leg, like stomping on an ant, then point down. 'stay down! SHUSH! STAY DOWN' Walk away pointing at that spot. Trot to a camera, blow a kiss do a bit of hip dancing grabbing my own hair, then smile in a cocky way, spelling out "LGHF (let girls have fun, a popular meme on my socials)" On the camera using a very think lip gloss I carry with me just for this specific ocasion."
"Psychic Powers:

Psychic powers are possessed often by people who, coincidentally, also possess high levels of intelligence or logical deduction capabilities. They have retinaless eyes. The source of their powers is a specialized organ that is the result of a very very rare mutation. It is jammed inside the frontal cortex, making psychics suffer very bad headackes while their skulls are still developing and toughening up. But it also coincides with their frequent needy and constantly hurt fase, so when  they cry and they get their side need met (hunger, diaper, etc.) they are conditioned to forget their headache, which also goes away with their skull becoming tougher and the brain developing around it anyway. When their powers are active, the first level of potential psychic energy grants the user a simple glow through their retinaless eyes, coming from their organ in the frontal lobe. Psychics can get insanely powerful. They can manage fluids, solids and gases around them, levitating objects and compressing and gathering gas for compressed air blasts. Really skilled ones can make spears which can also be deadly. They cant acess fluids inside vessels without opening the vessel first. They can read thoughts. They dont feel the emotions or vibes from the person, they can read verbal thinking and, if they actually are not psychos, get empathy from it after. They can also manipulate living beings' hormones. They can also manipulate themselves like any other object. fly and throw violent strikes with their limbs, puppeting themselves. Some really frail psychics can throw mma worthy punches with just this "Self puppeting" Thing, although its dangerous if they forget to close their fists for a punch, for example. They can, for example, get an idea of the hormone reserves and accumulated tensions of a human and, to get them, although arguably questionable, to get an orgasm with a sweep of their arms, if their control is fine enough. Its a very advanced skill and it often just ends up with the target getting a multiple second long weird feeling rush, with some emotions having nothing to do with what was intended to happen according to the psychic. The psychics choice of powers and their proficienty at the multiple variants depends on their life choices, interests, personalities, etc. Very hands on psychics may prefer, obviously, telekinesis, while others may prefer messing with hormones (Or... helping... depends on morals of course). Psychics who become too dependent on their very convenient, yet very draining and inneficient powers can grow up frail and with undermatured bodies for the age. Very undermatured even. Psychics who do not use them exessively or choose not to altogether grow up normally. Psychic powers are very demanding and even a very experienced psychic throwing a punch can, although slightly more powerful, be way more energy intensive than a normal punch. Being born with a psychic gland can make one somewhat... kinky, as, for some reason,  the persons hidden lusty side is highly enhanced. (Self... hormone manip :P?)
(a psychic masturbing: They just stand there... seemingly in space and then they just moan and then... things happen...)
Oh! And really seasoned, middle aged and very intensely practiced psychics can do stuff like flying at supercar speeds for short periods of time, as their bodies cannot metabolise as fast of course, but also, with enough focus, turn airlines into the ground. the pilot will likely just gain control again... or the autopilot... because its really hard but if the psychic had infinite chemical potential flowing to their brains they could crash a plane!
The first state of potential charge achievable is quite mild and is visible as the glowing eyes effect mentioned earlier. The allocable potential caloric energy for a  20cm wide air blast (we will use these blob air blasts as an example) is now 100joules. The second, is a faint green glow. The energy of that same blast is now 250joules. The third, is a very visible and vigorous bright green jade glow. The body musters up energy twice as fast. the fourth has the same visual effect, but the allocated calories per blast increase tenfold and the blasts charge thrice as fast. The example blasts can hold up to 2700 joules now. The 5th stage, the user on max charge, loses energy every second while charge quite quickly and the eyes and body glow vigorously and with a white hot radiance resembling manganese flames. The total potential energy of the example blast increases 30 fold. And remember: They are not limited to 20 cm wide necessarly... and can also make spears that pierce and, of course, air blades that slice or chop. Only veteran psychics or very sweaty and practiced psychics can reach this level."

Type: Musical Single
Author: Filipa
Title: Klaxons: Gravity's Rainbow (Vocal cover.)
Genre: Chill upbeat rock... cant really describe it.
Vibe: "Come with me, come with me! We will travel to infinity! Come with me! Come with me! Come with me! We will travell to infinity!".
I woke up in the last day of a weekend. Sunday. The dawn of a week. It was rather rainy during the morning. I woke up in the afternoon. The ground outside was slippery, reflective, Like a ray tracing benchmark, like That snooker ball set render that shows in those performance computer reviews. I am getting "Real life senses" Fps right now. Shiny, colorful, yet textured, as it had been raining for quite a while now. The browness of the wood the trees let out. The pine cones. The distant wind. The "Pinga tolos" that falls all round, tickling my hair and body. I get out of bed. Take breakfast. Oat meal, fruits... and an omlette. I wash the dishes, get kitted up. I wanna play football today. I bring my ball with me. To travel to infinity. So I deploy it and begin dribbling. I plan on dribbling to the pitch where the team trains. Too bored. Dont care about the rain. So I keep going. I keep having to dodge lots of puddles... leaping with the ball on my feet. I speed up, starting to leave squirts of water behind me as I step on the ground with the intensity of a respectable jog. Finally... I arrive. Its rather rundown... Lots of memories here. I know each pothole, each humidity stain on the sides of the concrete stands. There are puddles in the entrance to the lockerooms. A massive blob of mud near the home goal. As I asked for the keys to the stadium entrance gates yesterday from coach, I now have acess to training equipment. I open the cabinet where we store the cones and kits... I put on mine... my cleets and then my shorts. I had to get on panties because, first of all: There is absolutely no one here... (Ok I am lying... there was a pickup truck passing by some trails that run alongside the track and field sections of the stadium and... I used psychic powers... and he saw me... Welp... who cares). Anyways... I get out some cones... a few soccerballs. I begin by doing some streching, my legs... my shoulders... move my wrists and knees... get some cracking action going on in my fingers... then setting the cones I got from the cabinet in either vex of the halfway line and begin a quick warmup. I am now done. Then I get out my ball... and start practising shooting. I am quite in shape... as we are going through a busy period in the football calendar. I get some nice goals in... having to still go get the ball from far away each time... as the net is worn down and there are holes in the upper corners, because some attachments fell off. At some point... I stop caring and begin bringing the ball back with telekinesis... Then sit on the wet grass... with my legs spread out and arms extended and hands slightly behind me, supporting my sat up body in the mud. I look up at the sky... the sky is grey... there is a blueish hue around me... some thunder every few minutes... in the distance... some cars going by on the asphalt on this remove village... kicking up water and making the typical "swooshing" noise from the tires... with springling. Then I get up... and to finish off the day, I do some freestyling. No one around to see me... but still focused, I take the ball to my right, dom foot, kick it up... start juggling. Then After about 5, keepie-ups, I do two around-the-worldies in a row, resuming juggling. I do this sequence... as it puts me in a trance... its relaxing. Then... after I am done, I return everything to the proper place, close the stadium gates... and leave.
