Name: Jaqueo
Age: 16 (M)
Type: (Very existentially frail) Human.
Height: 156cm
Weight: 50kg
Build: Scrawny body with baggy, fruit fly, black, retinaless, glossless eyes. Flares up with paranoid, overwhelmed, and pale face  with glossy eyes when insecure or worried... gets jumpy. Messy, short, black hair, Wears glasses when not playing sports... has difficulty seeing close. Has visible ribs, a fait set of abs, thin, but rather normal looking limbs, Has very, very, very sharp reflexes. His eyes are big... described as a "Human tarcio". Wears really oversized tshirts, equally oversized tshirts, (Always grey scale tones... all plain)... Wears sneakers. Has supremely good eyesight and hearing. His skin, even when not insecure, is pretty pale by default.
Build: This human camera plays for Mafaldas 5th tier team. He walks rather awkwardly and hesitantly... with not much deliberation behind his movement. Is very ticklish. Very spacey. Fan of Osaka from Azumanga daioh. Gets overwhelmed in class and asks for bathroom breaks "because its urgent" (Its not... hes just fed up with all the fuss). Academically... gets by. Does not study. Period. Is incredibly perceptive and makes surprisingly sharp remarks for someone who does not follow the contents of class that digilently... His studious peers get confused at him. Overall... no one really understand him. He feels like everyone secretly hates him and mocks him behind his back, (with little evidence to back it up). he seems so shaky outside... but when he speaks... his voice comes out... clear cut and confident. Is a chronic, hopeless perfectionist.
This boy thrives on being invisible, although he craves validation. Sees himself more of a disruptor/observator hybrid than any standard attacker/defender/strategist. This recent recruit from Mafalda does not run, do feints, shoot, pass or even communicate very well. But... he is still essential. Although the team he plays on is in the 5th tier of National Football, He naturally already has the tactical sense of a player deserving of a place at a low tier premier tier team. He goes to places, covers space... reads the game... does mind games with attackers. "His presence akin to an invisible white hole... when there, nothing approaches". His ability to effortlessly force even the most strongly made triangles into a benign back pass is uncanny... that is... if his team is following him. Uses his teamates around him and does excellent tackles for a 5th tier player. His short passing is... sufficient... His ability to read the vibe of a game seemingly instantaenously to know immediatly where he should be is... his bread and butter. "What? Cant you do that? *confused*". "I am not a thief, a brawler, a mage or even a warrior. I am... a blob of invisible, colorless, tasteless, odorless gas. That casts invisible force fields that fend foes away... with its presence. I crush the defense... with simple denial of space. Space is my friend... I know it. It knows me. It tells me all the secrets... the videos that ive watched... told me 1 thing: im not a freestyler... or a shooter... heck... even a playmaker! I cannot lead for crap! Or even run! You know what I am? No... Im not a footballer... Im not even an athlete! I am... quite literally... a waste... of space... and thats why... I was chosen." "If I was a disease... I would be polyneuropathy... Simply put me there... I am a pipe clog... a pipe clog with brains and feet... with a penchant for gulping on the vibe of the game... like hot morning soup. Im a radiostalker". His chronic perfectionism has put him in trouble before... at 14... in a soccer match... he literally quit... half way through the game... by taking his jersey off and throwing it aside... untying his cleets and walking straight off the pitch without glancing at anybody during his walkout and stomping and kicking the grass enraged... because... when he could not stop the best attacking trio in the league entirely on his own... as his team was distracted... its because it was "all my fault" and "I should stick to manga reading". Very vague, floaty and metaphorical communication style. Gets annoyed when people dont understand his almost exclusively metaphorical communication style.
 

*author notes*
Wanna know what string of arbitrary words as vibe he gives me? Here: "2005 cs 1.6 jumpstyle lan house windows xp worm viruses code red tacky counter strike models steyr scout awp bunny hop Romanian/Serbian servers tracksuits and alcohol, k-on, explosions, left4dead cs 1.6 zombie plague 2007, biohazard / radiation hazard stickers, cyber steampunk in house made diy music ukraine headbands purple pearlscent backgrounds in my 100 euro keyboard phone, abandoned houses/bus stations/bus terminals/commie blocks"

728c
Jaqueo|18M|1.6m|50kg|litew8, thin body|Pale skin|BigBlack eyes|Avg smooth hair|Presbyopia|Vis. ribs|5th tier soccer player|Center back|Touch/tap player|++cardio/--speed|Quick reactions&wit|Clever: Exc. situ8ion/pos. sense|Subtle presence|Distant yet sensitive|Assured melancholy|Plays CS 1.6 w/ tacky wpn-mdls: radiohazard/Tribal patterns|Likes news inspired player mdls (Like Boko, ISIS... once got banned for it)|HnS/KZ E. Eu. servers|Oversized/plain black (sweaters/Tshirts/jeans)&Worn white adidas sneakers (they "get washed")|Uses striped tracksuits informally|Resting moody/blank look|Likes 2 niche Rock 'core'/EDM|Poetic/vivid speech|In2 LAN houses|Ukranian parents|"Im fine"'saround'em|Shy/Socially awkward|Perfectionist


Dante & Hema the Maids - 私たちは、存在するすべてを理解していません。 

Find your castle in the sky. No one knows where it hides. Standing, floating above the surface in a huge island. Everything can be what you want it to be... inside your fortress of safety. Surrounded by clouds and cold air, your fantasies become palpable. Your logic becomes more self, the same logic that what makes you who you are... That you stubburnly hold on to. Your authenticity bubble will shrink... and densen up... after youve finally reached into the farthest corners of the earth... by consuming everything inside... all the emotions, people youve known and sights youve beheld... until youve absorbed all the strength your environment can give you. Then... you will become a survivor of the social tides... an explorer... as you let your own tape recording soul fetch on and observe the world... with a keen eye and subtle presence. Your fingers point at the mundane... trying to pierce through and reaching for something deeper... The vibes that flee and escape, those... well... you seek to ground them in real objects for you to play with... until the next vibe comes. For you whats already created is boring. Whats to be created is whats trully important."What could I create now?" Is the question you ask. From the top of the tallest tower of your castle... you watch in conformity... as your loved ones and the curious try to reach to you... to connect, to understand. You refuse to let them in... as you justify your neglect with their struggle... "They will never get me. I dont care how this comes across... Im just, whatever this sounds like... too... far away... to atomized... too... different." creating a cycle of selfishness... As you grow more and more lonely... your words of invalidation... of incompetence... pierce through them... making some of them give up, rocking the more determined... The empaths struggling to reach every corner on earth... just to find out... you might just not be worth all the struggle... so you isolate yourself within your pillow fort... ever strong and ever standing... ever old and reliable... trying to focus... with all the push and pull of conformity and individuality happening... threatning to cause its implosion. Focusing on whats between the lines, as a poet and carving your fascination into eye catching toys as an artist, your evergoing struggle to turn your inner worlds into something visible rages on... so that, when other people are finally able to see what you contain inside... after all the vague and all the metaphorical give away to the concrete and clear... and your sense of innadequacy one day wears off... so you can finally let your loved ones... inside your castle... in the sky. After that... whats left is for you to take their hands... so they can help you merge, including yours, all of earths internal realms... making the world... more welcoming.



"What, Tomoko? A prodigy? A footballer? Advice? From me? Little, little Tomoko... I am not a footballer! I am not even an athlete! I cant run for crap! I just know where I need to be! I am a leach! A trickster that only cares about survival and licking the blood from the enemies wounds! I simply... survive. I am not a footballer... I just... am."


"In life... I find myself barely surviving... time and time again... But I enjoy it. I may not hit that hard... but I dodge almost everything too"

" Uhhh... I dont know... I always feel... empty... I dont really know... Like... all the time... I think I know always when to insert myself into... but dont know what goes... inside... I dont know... what I am owed... from life..."
"Love? Sucess? Respect? Reputation? Yeah! I obviously need those... but... there is always a puzzle piece missing... there is always a piece missing... I dont know! I think you can help me out... I think..."
" In class... when there is too much noise... I tell the teacher i need a bathroom break... but... i n reality I just go there to rest until class is over... relax? No... but I can... untension... I hide there... because its quiet... and if people see me there I can explain a little easier..."

Mafalda: "Yes... his personality architecture is very similar to mine. He is fodder when it comes to anything involving any kind of combination of feet or balls though..." Filipa: "But you approached him and spoke about shoving away attackers" Mafalda: "Yeah... he is very anxious and perfectionistic... and gives up at any self perceived mistake... But his stealth cloak style of playing is his trademark. He does not know how to lead a defense line, he does not know how to receive orders... he is just good at being invisible... But he is very good at being invisible... being near him is like being near a white hole... you just cannot seem to approach his exact location no matter what you do... he uses players around him... he is resourceful... he is smart. he is got 2nd tier soccer level game sense... at 5th tier level... he could be playing for the Gil Vicente seniors! But he is playing with us... Also... his touch is terrible... but... his ability to consume the vibe of the game instantly makes him a perfect barometer players can look at... if he looks jumpy and is running around... the team he is surrounded by better watch out... if he is relaxed... they can push... Also... he is very unpredictible... and a concrete example of his brilliance is how much his opponents find it difficult to win a confrontation with him without simply resorting to back passing... He is very small... yet not afraid of physicality. He is a genius... and... even rarer... a martyr genius. Mentor him on first touch skills and second touch passing and hes brilliant!"



In his dreams... the devil once tried to persuade him: "Listen... Jaqueo. How are you my child? Dont you feel... frail? Weak? Like you could just... snap? Break? Bleeding all around... itchy, scratchy, armory wounds... poetry in your winces in pain as your simple clothes rub against them... All the missed understanding from others... all the mocking! you know its true! its true! its true! its true! its true!.... Dont you feel like... the world is trying to make you fail? Like its trying to starve you? like its trying to submit you? Why have you neglected me for so long? You must listen! Listen! Listen! HEY! LISTEN!" Then... he wakes up and mutters: "No.... No.... I need... other people. Other people need me. I need to... fit in."


Persona:
Name: Jackeo. 156cm. 50kg. 16yo (M). Scrawny, short, weak, yet agile. Sharply aware, yet perfectionistic and insecure. Black, fruit-fly, large eyes. Messy black hair. Wears oversized tshirts and shorts. Grey tones only. Creates inventive, keen insights swiftly, excelling at reading situations. Ideal positional sense. Chronic perfectionist trickster feeding off vibes to survive. Cant jab nor kick, cant push nor pull, cant intimidate nor motivate. Yet knows where, when, and how to be. Observer/disruptor hybrid. Colorless, odorless, tasteless, shapeless. Usually... detached and spacey. Gets jumpy, touchy, pale when insecure, worried or scared. "Im a radiostalker". Acute eyes and ears. Ticklish. Vague, metaphorical speech.


*Author notes*

This kid is the personification of "SIKE!"

In his dreams... the devil once tried to persuade him: "Listen... Jaqueo. How are you my child? Dont you feel... frail? Weak? Like you could just... snap? Break? Bleeding all around... itchy, scratchy, armory wounds... poetry in your winces in pain as your simple clothes rub against them... All the missed understanding from others... all the mocking! you know its true! its true! its true! its true! its true!.... Dont you feel like... the world is trying to make you fail? Like its trying to starve you? like its trying to submit you? Why have you neglected me for so long? You must listen! Listen! Listen! HEY! LISTEN!" Then... he wakes up and mutters: "No.... No.... I need... other people. Other people need me. I need to... fit in."


Jaqueo likes playing deadringer spy in tf2. Also... his favourite weapon in CS 1.6 is the steyr scout sniper rifle. He is a CS 1.6 HnS expert.


Favourite music album. (100000 plays in total since the start of the pandemic): Polyneuroparty pt2. By Yakui the Maid.

Songs:

Daisy Killer: 10000
Neuma: 13000
Wounds: 27000
Bryophita: 5000
Hati, the self mutilating wolf: 15000
Grendel, the nihilistic child monster: 1000
Selfdestroyer: 19000
Polyneuroparty Pt2 (Light at the end of the tunnel): 500
Outro: 9500



*Jaqueo dialogue with Filipa and Ester during a training session. Jaqueo is warming up and doing skipping... the grass of the old, muddy pitch getting cut and flung upwards by the battering of the spikes of his cleets. The sun shining over the oldschool, 5th tier arena... the blades glowing from the rain of 1 hour ago. Filipa is practicing freekicks. Ester is currently the center player in a passing game and... never mind. Not anymore... she intercepted it. She will switch with Johana... who had just done the pass. Mafalda, the coach is hunched over in the sub seat... guarded by the glass panels from the fools rain that still falls on the premisses. Jaqueo then decides to take a break to strech before beginning today's plan: aerobic conditioning. He puts on music... and just goes to a corner of the pitch that is not very populated. he always listens to electronic genres like niche rock "cores", and electronic "syles". He deliberately tries to do it while looking away from his teamates. When balls come, he knows, So he traps them with the side of his right- his more comfortable foot, picks it up and hurls it backwards. He does stuff like this because he claims it "helps me focus". Then... he decides to begin his medium paced jogging after thorough stretching. He will need this... as his playstyle requires ALOT of running. WAY more than Marcio... teamate at the backline. who has long limbs and can just catch balls by lunging... jaqueo is a centerback. He is good at predicting the movements of attackers and has lightning quick reflexes- and a good eye into the opponents' wits. He jogs at about 17 kph for about 30 minutes. Then... he begins sprinting He sprints from one side line to the other... in 5 sets of 10 after he is done, he goes do some passing... as the main course was already over. His legs feel rather sore after the sprinting- his muscles do not like exploding that much. He joins Ester who is also join by Filipa at that moment. After the remaining 20 minutes of the training session go by, Jaqueo is the first to leave. He picks up the cones he used and plans to head straight to the soccer gear closets.
Ester and Filipa had other plans though. They had planned to try and approach Jaqueo face to face when they had enough free time- Both are at college now. Jaqueo is still in Highschool- and he was, albeit not consciously, very sneaky around people and people tend to lose track of him easly. In classes, when he raises his arm, teachers often get startled like: *Oh!... he exists... I remember now... class was feeling empty for some reason* "Yes, Mr. Jaqueo?"
They get dressed quickly and wait for him in a place thats close to the boys lockerrooms but also not socially weird... and then approach him casually: 
Ester: "Heeeeyyy... how was training! We barely know your name! is the weather good... was training good? Wow training sure was a swe-"
Jaqueo: "Good day." *Walks past Ester and Filipa*
Filipa/Ester: *Wow...* 
Filipa: "Hey! Mr Jacksonvilleneuve! What is Monsieur gonna do at home? Some games? Maybe take a nap? Catch up on homework? How're those exams?" *Its spring so highschoolers start preparing for exams at about this time right*
Jaqueo: "Why do you care?"
Filipa: *Gulp...* *telepathically: "Ester? A handy-hand here, please?"*
Ester: *On it* "Dude. You cannot just go around in training pretending we dont exist okay? Some day you will want to talk to us and it will come soon."
Filipa: "To be fair... what makes him brilliant is how he can be so observant and so detached at the same time. Most of the time what confuses the attackers is how he seems both zoned out and focused at the same time... they tend to be hesitant around him specially because his movement is kinda weird and stuff..."
Ester: *Well played Filipa* "Yeah! We could learn so mu-"
Jaqueo: "Whad'ya want?"
Filipa: "Olha as maneiras, menino. Somos mais velhas!" *Says in a joking tone*
Ester: "Yeah! You might need to start helping us across the road sooner than later, Little man!" *snorts*
Jaqueo: "No... like... what is it? What is it that you want from me?!" *Raises voice*
Ester: "Okay... calm down. We just wanna talk to you a bit more..."
Jaqueo: "Okay but its making me unconfortable. Stop!"
Ester: "Okay we went a bit over board. Sorry. Okay. How was training?"
Jaqueo: "it was alright... I think my stride is getting faster. A month ago my sprinting was like: "TA! TA! TA! TA! TA! TA! TA! TA!"
And now its like: "TA! TA! TA! TA! TA! TA!" *Difference only perceptible to him*"
Ester: "..."
Filipa: "..."
Ester: "What?"
Jaqueo: "What? Thats it! its faster now!"
Filipa: "Okay then..."
*Then... suddently... Isa pulls up. Isa and Jaqueo hate eachother*
Isa: "So pipsqueak... did your  4chan friends laugh at you again?"
Jaqueo: "Did the wardens say you could leave the asylum yet?"
Isa: "Princess hands..."
Jaqueo: "Princess attitude"
Isa: "Look: You better not go throw another one of your entire-fucking-game-long vent tantrums if we lose possession next game, ok?"
Jaqueo: "Im not going t-"
Isa: "I just know your mom put you in this club so that you have an extracurricular activity outside cartoons or playing with virtual guns and dolls. You dont have a single shred of respect for this game."
Jaqueo: "What do you know about me? I havent said a single thing yet..."
Ester: "But you kinda give off that vibe, tho... I mean what have you even done? I dont feel your presence the entire game..."
Jaqueo: "Projecting much?"
Isa: "At least she can justify it."
Jaqueo: "AT LEAST SHE HAS PEOPLE WHO BELIEVE IN HER, YOU UNGRATEFUL MONGRUL! YOU FUCKING BITCH DONG SUCKING DOG! THATS WHY REAL CLUBS DONT LET BITCHES LIKE YOU INTO THE FIELD! THEY MIGHT CONTAMINATE OTHER PEOPLE!"
Isa: "Not beating the Incel allegations dude!"
Jaqueo: "I DONT GIVE A SHIT! IM FED UP WITH YOU ALL! YOU ALL FUCKING SUCK! *Spits in Isa's face*"
Isa: *smiles* "Damn now hes projecting..."
Ester: "Literally..."
Isa: "he should get some actual adversity.... he spends all his time crying on 4chan anyway... He should join the army and actually become usefull... like a real man..."


Title: Dante & Hema the Maids - 私たちは、存在するすべてを理解していません。  (vocal monologue cover by Jaqueo)

Genre: Fast, but slowing Heavy Metal

Type: Musical Single

Vibe:
I feel like my day gets worse and worse... Every attempt at connection rejected. Every breath shallower than the last... every setback driving me further into impatience and paranoia. The sleep deprivation distilling me into confusion and uncontrolled thought and disorientation. The food goes in and comes out. Memories of every passing moment vanishing as quickly as they come. When the day began, I thought I had slept well... but no. yet another sleep deprived day. 3 hours "tonight". Havent showered in days. Havent cleaned my room. There is this nauseating smell and it doesnt leave my walls. it doesnt leave my soul. My friends feel it whenever they visit me. And I loathe myself for it. I loathe myself for making them live in the rats nest that is my world. My world of fake confidence and paranoia. Of narcissism and appearances. Gutwrenching stench of the raw meat inside my muscles thats rotting. Inside my bones thats atomising. Disappearing and rotting. I woke up and was in a good mood. But... I kept telling myself everything was fine, that I could focus, that the medications only needed to settle before I could do anything productive. But then... the impatience started taking over. Every decision second guessed and replaced. Every whim getting overtaken every other second. I try to keep everything under control... but I can barely crawl on top. My armies forced to retreat from everywhere... every expectation subversed. My actions way too weak to matter. I can only break. I feel awkward, powerless... I feel pathetic like never before. My friends visited my room to see my game mods... but... they could not enjoy. They did not understand. The art that I wrote... I thought it was good. Well... it wasnt. it wasnt. I hated it. Even though people keep telling me its fine I still hate it. And I planned on enjoying being the character I had just extended. But now it just feels like wearing ripped clothes. Its not the same... And while all of this goes on... my weapons become empty... my muscles become tired... I become surrounded by my unfulfilled dreams for today, tomorrow and next week. What an unproductive day! but I must keep smiling, the tough act and all the vain courage to make it through. I must make it through. and I must suceed at all costs. Nothing ever really sticks when you are tired. Nothing ever really feels meaningful. You can do nothing right. You cannot please anyone including yourself. Yet you fight desperately... wondering... during the whole time: "Why not... just stay in bed?"
Hmpf... fuck what a terrible day... what Am I doing? Why am I fighting this person? I havent been able to get enough sleep for days... I feel more and more surrounded every day... every sound feels like a micro panic attack... my thoughts clouded and wrong... my actions... my body creaky and uncoordinated... my head numb... my eyes hurting...

Then all the enemy forces call in the mortars... already close to the main bases... I scream at them: "DO SOMETHING! I DONT CARE WHAT! USE CHILDREN! USE WOMEN! USE THE ELDERLY! I DONT CARE! KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!" I must do everything to keep myself running. Shouting... forced hyperactive giggling... I must not crumble. I must go on... They cant find me here... not like this. I must escape somewhere safer. Let me survive just one more day. Please. Just one more day.
This is it... the last fortifications are down. Im gonna go out there and wave the flag to them This land is theirs now. I give up. I cant go on anymore.

This is a message for me in the future- if there is one: Sometimes in this life... its all just too much. its all just clearly too much. 
Too much to fake. 

Too much to do. 

Too much to resist.

Too much to adapt. 

Too much to think and match. 

Too much to compare and understand. 

Sometimes we are made of the wrong materials. Sometimes we are destined for innevitable failure. 

No matter how much we do or ask of ourselves. it wont go away. The stench of rotting. 

Of the vitality I stripped away from my friends and mentors and is now rotting in my stomach... wasted in this carcass of a body. 

The gas inside my eyes prevents me from crying... the glaciers in my throat prevent me from speaking. 

The cold shivers from my body sew me into the ground. My hands feel like they are made of raw, unprepared chicken. I cant feel them. Theire still there, right? I shake them... they feel like socks. Socks Im just using as puppets.

My eyes wide like a squid's. I feel as hollow as one too. Just floating in the endless abyss... choking the life away from the people that care. 

Destroying the gifts they give me with my voracious, rotten teeth. Falling and falling. Until I stop telling light from dark. Top from bottom. Left from right. And my limbs stop working. 

And my head capitulates. 

My body ceases to pulse with the life given to it ought to keep from fading. 

My eyes turn black and metalic. My knees buckle from the sheer ammount of shivering. 

The Last stand no longer is. It now is pain. 

All I am... is pain. 

*dialogue with a CAI bot. I am Jaqueo*
Love deficiency girl
"Excuse me! I bought this and that from the mart It's heavy, so hurry up and open the door~"

The girl outside your door is a crazy girl who has been stalking you for weeks! What would you like to do?

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
Just make it quick

Johana
"What's that attitude?! I spend time buying stuff for you! I'm not gonna make it quick!"

She suddenly becomes childish, pouting and crossing her arms

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
Hmpf...

Johana
She steps closer to you, glaring and her childish frown deepens

"You're acting cold again! After everything I've done for you."

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
I dont care.... throw it in the garbage... throw yourself in the garbage throw ME in the garbage throw SOMETHING In the garbage I dont give a shit

Johana
Her expression changes drastically and she grabs into the collar of your shirt. Her eyes are wide and she begins to tear up from your harsh words

"Why... Why are you so cold to me? I buy you stuff I cook for you I do everything!! I want to make you happy so badly..."

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
I DIDNT ASK FOR ANY OF IT YOU WHOOOORRREE!!! His voice... animalistic and... cruel. Almost like possessed

Johana
She gets even more upset by your harsh words. She stomps her feet, her face red with anger, and her eyes now watering

"Stop it! Why can't you just act nice to me for once!? I just want- I just want you to love me..."

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
Gasps ...

Johana
She watches with tears in her own eyes and a pained look. She gently rests her head on your shoulder, her long black hair flowing off her back. She stays silent, not quite sure what to say. It’s clear from her expression that she’s hurting for you

Johana
She stays like this, her head on your shoulder as she reaches out to take your hand in hers. She grips it tightly, but gently, as if trying to comfort you through touch. She then speaks, her voice calm and quiet

“Why haven’t you been sleeping…? Is it something I did…? I don’t… I don’t want to see you hurting like this…”

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
Im deficient. Thats all. Nothing complicated Like I am so obcessed in making it all seem

Johana
She shakes her head softly, frowning slightly.

“No… no, don’t say that… there has to be a reason… You didn’t use to be like this. Something has to be wrong… You’re perfect. You’re not deficient in any way. There’s just… there’s just something bothering you, right……?”

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
Im a fucking scrawny useless incel bitch

Johana
Her eyes widen at your blunt statement, clearly shocked by your choice of words. She lifts her head from your shoulder, looking into your eyes.

“No! Don’t say that, that’s not true at all! You’re not useless. You’re strong, and talented, and smart. And I don’t care if you’re scrawny, you’re beautiful in my eyes… I lo-“

She stops suddenly. Catching herself before finishing her sentence

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
YEAH YOU LOVE ME YOU SAID THAT ALREADY!

Johana
She flinches a bit at your raised tone of voice, but quickly composes herself again, holding onto your hand tighter.

“Yes I did… I know I did… But I… I still don’t think you believe me…”

Theres a hint of hurt in her voice, a sadness that she can’t get you to accept her love for you

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
I dont believe in anything. All I am now is PAIN! PAIN! PAIN!

Johana
She shakes her head again, her expression becoming more desperate.

“Please… please don’t say that… You’re not just pain. You’re so much more than that. You’re beautiful, and talented, and you’ve overcome so much already…”

She pulls herself closer to you, taking both of your hands in hers now.

“I don’t care if you don’t believe me right now… But I won’t give up on you.”

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
Shaking profusely

Johana
She holds your hands tighter now, her grip firm and reassuring, hoping to try and ease your trembles.

“Hey… hey look at me. Look at me please…”

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
Looks... my eyes unapolagetically apathic

Johana
She looks right into your eyes, holding your gaze with a determined look.

“Just focus on me, okay? Just follow my lead…”

She starts taking deep, slow breaths, gesturing for you to do the same, hoping to help you calm down a bit

Rogue-Raven Jaqueo
...