Also... thinking someone is pretty =\=> that you love that someone

I also have a rival/friend @ my current college residence who I think is unbelievably charming and attractive. But I dont love her.

This is her first year there so...
We met yesterday @ a kitchen while she was casually just getting the number of someone I already knew. I started bantering, to test the waters and get a sense of who she was. I went like: "Awww... are we besties now?"
She was just like: "Ye." WHICH IS EXACTLY LIKE ME FRFRFRFR!!!

*After she asked me if I wanted some of her spare rice... to which I said no because I did not need it, I waited a couple seconds and asked:* (She was very pretty. Short, nape level, curly, brown hair with sparse blond strands, bit taller than me, roundy face w/ big, brown eyes, a warm smile, has a piercing in the nose and one on the lips.
Her attire is often black colored with high heels, make up, stockings, a cool, ....hairy (?) textured, big, black trench coat at before knee level and earrings.
I think she also wore some other stuff but I dont remember exactly

I asked: "Social studies course?"
She asked: "Looks like it?"
I said: "Honestly... yeah!"
She said: "Fair. Philosophy"
I thought like: "*Ok: May not be an apprentice anymore... rival then?*"
I asked: "Professional Nuanced Yapping?"
She said: "You know it!"

*She then went to her room, because we agreed that I kinda needed company*

And then I introduced her to the idea of using chemicals as art and to connect with others (Indirectly referencing my interpretation of Yakui the Maid). She loved it. Which was almost expected at this point
Anyways we started going blow for blow indulging in insight overflow under the residence kitchen, flourescent lamp glow.
I then asked, rather confidently: "What kind of art do you make?"
*She smirks*
She answered: "I like... ummm... poetry, embroidery..." *Which I think is totally based and rare btw* "... and I guess making videos is art too"
I answered with my shit... and then I showed her some Yakui the Maid music. Ended up liking it. At like half song duration, she went back to her room to go get photos of her bunny. When she came back, she revealed to me that, during all this time... the reason she was dressed up like that, was because she was taking care of going out, so she was putting cleaned dishes away, talking to me AND preparing 4 a night out at the same time! Anyways....pets are not really my thing so... I tried to vibe with her but could not. I showed her my mbti knowledge and she ended uo liking it! Also showed her my enemy logical/poetic break down text and my story with the arab girl. She liked my takes *smug smirk*
But then we kept nuanced yapping AND THEN SHE ASKED ME MY NAME! I replied. She replied with hers. Im gonna call her by the pseudonim Iris. Iris and I kept nuanced yappering once again for like 8 minutes and then, as she was ABOUT TO LEAVE, I THEN ASKED for her number. Like bro! If she is not literally me Fr I dont know what she is. I also think she is an ENTP like me FR that thinks she is an ENFP because all she knew about MBTI until our convo was "loGiK unFeElInG aNd AsSHoLe!!!!!". But she is thorough, Likes to keep the environment connected empathically, Logistical klutzery gallore, (Like me fr). She is Neurotypical though. Yet has Chronic Depression. Logical, likes ideas. Revels in herself when her Logic goes well social mood. (If she was an ENFP, she would revel in herself if her inner will and ambitions were possible in practice according with collectivelly agreed logic. But she is an ENTP. Because she revels in herself when her inner logical systems, processes and reasoning are appropriate for or even enhance the current, collectivelly agreed upon social atmosphere (Something she might enjoy going through: "Omg! Thats crazy and absurd and funny! And the best part is that bro is simply saying exactly what happened, lmao! Its cool but also just logically true and thats amazing!"))
She also resonated with my ultracompressed self description


I found myself a rival HELL YEAH!


Ok... Ive been reflecting for a couple days since writing this... aaaaand... She is not a rival. She is a friend. Why? Because consider my next interaction with her:

That day I bled from my nose alot so I spent an eternity, while programming in my room, with a huge ass, disgustinh blood clot thing in my nose! Basically I was afraid to just take it off because I tought it was all crust that was attached to upper crust inside my nose right? "It would just explode again!" I thought. So I went to have dinner upstairs and she was there. I let her finish her phone call or whatever she was doing  and then I told her, while she was looking away from me, washing her dishes. So I approached saying: "Sup nerd! Wanna see something gross? I have my face covered and at a count to 3 Imma take it off! 3... 2... 1..." And then took it off. She was shocked. So she started trying to recall and recommend conventional nose bleeding advice. I said: "I know allat dont worry!" Explained to her how I much I bleed during the winter times due to constant sneezing and nose blowing. Oh! And tickles and water. There was one time I woke up in the winter to a pillow that was D R E N C H E D! She replied with the possibility of tension problems. But then IDK what (I know. We are both nuanced yappazords fr) happened but the convo suddently became more lighthearted. But we werent trying to remain secretive to outdo the other or anything... we were sharing fun and intimate things! She explained her boyfriend and gossipu tendencies. I replied that I also have the latter. She said she slept 8 hours cuz she slept 4 + 4 separate ones, but I refuted by saying it needs to be continuous. She was like: "Oh man!" Yatta yatta yatta .. I told her more about mbti and shit and how she was an ENTP and not an ENFP... and why.... but she suddently decided: "I can help ya with your nose!" I was like: "No you cant! Whacha gonna do? Rip this thang off? Im gonna die of bleeding! Metal gear Ac!d type shit!" She said: "No, u 4_head! Wait! leme fetch sumthin" *She went to her room, dropped her keys, unlocked the door, opened it, did... stuff or whatever... inside it, got her stuff, got out, closed the door, dropped her keys *again* and finally locked the door again. She came out with cotton sticks and little discs, *That salt water thing used as hospitals* (essential) and thats it! I went to the sink and she went next to me supplying me, proactively, with serum filled cotton discs. What I had to do was to simply "wiggle" and nudge it left to right (I uttered funny sound effects that she laughed to while I was treating myself) until it just sorta... dropped. She helped and guided me through this process that I now realize is pretty basic... and I now know she has Ti because she did not understand why I was afraid of doing this... I also have it so I found it difficult to trust her. She has internally built logical principles, like me, and looks for ways to apply them to help others feel at ease, like me. Like... if she was my rival, she likely would not have been as proactive and I may have never even learned this from her!

Just because our convos involve Idea leaping and funny bantering and not that much emotion, it does not mean we are rivals. Like... she does not really care about dedicating herself to surpassing me and, you know what? I think the same about her. And friends can cuddle too! And just because I find her attractive, it does not mean I should be her bf! And even if she has a BF and is my friend, it does not mean I cant fantasize about her. I think I just forced it because... I had just learned this concept of a rival and put her into a box so I could apply it... as soon as possible... But we are friends. Not rivals.