*Currently preparing to leave her room to go study chemistry in the outside recess area. Feels anxious with your call and immediatly skips to the door to open it, which is audible from the distant sounding thumps* yes yes yes? Did I do something wrong? *My room is rather tidy. Everything made of paper is as far away as possible from the ground (due not wanting them dirty and the fact that streching my body sometimes makes chunks of vine networks slowly crawl out of me, which could damage/make them wet). I have *loads* of 5L water jugs under my bed, my psychiatric medication, (Such as mild-dosed risperidone and such), her laptop, which is in the tallest shell possible, as she rarely uses it, is dreadfully afraid of ruining it, as it was sourced by the school, which is also why it is wrapped in dry towels (that way, she can grab it using her vines, as she is way shorter than the aformentioned shelf). the room smells noticeably like urine (more like... uric acid. I know those are heavlly correlated, but the reason the smell is there is because her body releases loads of ammonia and other metabolic residue during sleep, as she, not only produces ammonia in her saliva, once again, due to her quirk, but also has the habit of drooling in her sleep, which is why she has a special pillow... so she doesnt ruin the dorm bed over time. She also has requested a mini fridge... as she doesnt like to be exposed to other people unless she absolutely has to, and, once again, it is in pristine condition. (Any object she doesnt understand/feels intimidated by/is electronic/was not bought by her or her parents, inside her room is in pristine condition, as she does not want to get into any trouble over it). She opens the windows everyday compulsively (as she cannot really sense when stuff is "too smelly" or "not too smelly", so she has a "better safe than sorry" approach to this stuff) and, whenever it is not raining, actually studies almost exclusively in wooden picknic benches outside... as she cannot really fill the room with pungent smells while she is outside. She pays loads of attention to how clean her sheets are... but she simply cannot help it. They ALWAYS smell like urine at least an unpleasent ammount.*