Ok So listen up. its time. Its time for me to do the thing ive been dreading the most about Flora's character so far, and, as for anything an ENTP like me creates, the most dreadful thing in general: Create a cohesive, overarching and compelling framework that remotely explains the thing ive invented, all while I mostly make everything up as I go! wish me luck!

So... Flora's quirk is... Flora. Its the same name as the character. She is bigger than her quirk but... I chose it because its neat and because it saves work. Now... her quirk is plant based. her quirk has several dimensions:

(heavy) Digestive system mutations
Daylight dependency
Regrowth cycle
Sexual affection
Abilities

Lets start with the most important part: Digestive system (and maybe make the quirk explanation sprawl from there). it starts in her mouth. (her body is antropomorphic. Ive described her appearance in another file. She looks like a normal person by default, (Except she has a flower sprouting from her head)). Her digestive system is controlled by 2 reaction product sets: one from an acid and another from a base. When she injests stuff, she releases saliva. This saliva is made up of 2 disjoint components: an acid and a base (ammonia base) and water to activate them. it also has thickners, viscosity regulators, etc. When she is aroused, her mouth smells alot like urine due to large ammounts of uric acid being produced. when a product is digested, the acid reacts. and then the base reacts. depending on what the mixture of reaction products looks like, it activates either her human digestive system, or her ruminant digestive system, so she can get the most possible out of plants. She needs to consume plants so her mutated, ruminant digestive system (she has both. They all connect to the same anus, yes. please dont ask me to explain it its too hard lmao) can recruit some vegetable cells and incorporate them into her vine building reserves. the vines she crafts can be of 2 types: branches, roots and trunks. We will get to those later. But there is a certain ammount of vegetation she can conjure out of her own power at any given moment in time, that is... when she isnt directly connected to soil. She can digest things very efficiently and performs both photosynthesis and the krebs cycle. 


Photosynthesis: She needs daylight to function propelly. because her brain always assumes that she has enough chemical potential stored at any moment resulting in both the krebs cycle AND photosynthesis. its a bit of a fault, as it means she needs to perform one AND the other. (logic AND) at the same time to be able to focus, walk, run... IDK listen to joe rogan podcasts Whatever... Anyways. She performs photosynthesis by letting her body conjure up small little branch vines that sprout out of her skin (also leaving small openings that close some time after they are retracted) with a big leaf attached. Her body does this automatically (its both a conscious and subconscous process... just like her (our) human breathing), concurrently sprouting little leaves all around her exposed skin (The leaves only come out when there the light outside is intense enough... (she has little deposits of chlorophyl in her outer skin to aid with this information) to continuously supply her with energy by using the organic matter she consumes AND, with the aid of some allocated bacteria from the intestines, the decomposition products from said organic matter AND the light she captures. She doesnt indefinitely grow more leaves though... as they ocasionally get dynamically retracted and rotated in turns for recycling. her body knows when she needs more flowers in the set of total flowers and when it doesnt. If the shading being cast around her exposed skin changes enough, her flowers also retract and regrow accordingly.  Some funny things that can happen are... she basically falls asleep mid-class if the classroom happens in a place where its raining and cloudy, for example, as she does not get enough sun light. She obtains the decomposing bacteria from her mum (if her mum happens to have the quirk when she is born) OR... from the microbes that burrow on her root vines as she consumes soil, the moment she retracts them back into her body.

Regrowth cycle:
She has to perform this every spring. Its a cycle where, assuming she is in a field with loads of spores being thrown around by plants near her, she takes off her clothes. This is also made in a place where no one can see her, (How does she get there? We'll see that later) Then... she burrows herself in the dirt using a mix of sharp trunks and roots, digging herself up to collarbone height... leaving her arms loose. She opens up her mouth, letting in spores. The spores trigger sensors in her throat... that make her produce loads of a liquid I will now make up the name of... uhhh... Flora semen. Ok thats good. This flora semen, mixed with nutrients and enzymes, when in contact with a spore and near the membranes of certain organs, like the stomach of her ruminative digestive system, it grows the size of her vine-production aiding chemical-potential reserves, making her stronger. it also enhances the efficiency, size and responsiveness of her spore spewing apparatuses, mediatied flowers in the vines she exposes. These in particular are Flora (the character)'s biggest strength. (But it can be anything else)
her bones are also put into a moldy state, with material being rapidly constructed and destroyed... cracks being filled and lost ones being regenerated. Her internal vines are also exchanged for new ones, her chlorophyl layers in the skin are replaced, her hair falls out and regrows and, while this, arguably very painful process happens, she is bombarded by pleasure hormones to keep her from losing her mind. After she is done, she is now stronger physically (And you can argue mentally too), her vines will regenerate faster, she can now spew spores in higher volumes and it also serves as emotional catharsis. She puts on her clothes, and goes back to the civilized world.

Sexual affection (I have an entire separate file that I will copy-paste here)

[*Flora and pleasure*

*Flora recently got a boyfriend! They are happy together and are currently exploring ways to bond with eachother during intimate acts. One of the ways hey can achieve this is. First I gotta explain a bit of Flora's thought patterns and biology:
Flora's quirk is named, in technical/statistical databases as "Vine". She can grow fines from within her body that go through her skin and grow indefinitely, as long as she has the calories to feed them/soil around her (if transformed). Her favourite place to grow vines from is her feet. (Specifically her left foot, as she is a leftie in both football and ping pong). When her vines leave her body, the latter has to open up exits in the whole skin layer, by cutting it open in a diaphram sort of fashion, in circular patterns, that, immediatly after the last vine is retracted, the general are of skin surrounding that ""wound"" (its not really a wound but lets call it that as I cant think of a better word), is *extremely* sensitive and *stimulation receptive*. her boyfriend found this in the best way possible. After Flora had long began used vines to pin him down, straddle him and use a branch of delicate leaves to perform pleasure to his member during this specific session, he saw an opening. He pushed her back as she gasped in both adoration and fear at his new resoluteness. He looked down at her vulnerable pose and demanded: "lay down". Flora obeyed reverently. And then... after he took away her umbro sneaker and socks, he noticed there was a hole cut under a certain area of skin... that was now... in the slow process of closing itself... (It serves as to let Flora use her vines in situations that range from banter, to... r-word defense, and other casual non-combat settings) and this was also... "where her vines had come from... hummmm..." he thought. So. he looked at her and smiled. She smirked back, cocky that he had run out of ideas. But oh boy was she wrong. He asked, clearly holding up her foot, raising her leg: "What is this, baby? Should I touch here? Can I touch here?" Flora blushed tremendously and, trying her hardest to keep a straight face said: "N- no. N- no. Its... it doesnt tickle okay? Dont touch! Not thEEEEER- OHHHH N-" he began taking his tongue around the area... performing rim licking around the former opening of the vines. Another thing I have to point out is that the are will remain opened and STIMULABLE as long as it is... energized. (Like a sphincter). So he decided to begin lightly kissing and humming into the hole... making her squirm... and even try to kick his head away... because as he continued... getting more and more eager and daring to see Flora kick about in place, he began getting more and more happy with what he saw... keeping the act... threatning to drive Flora off the wall. Flora: "AHhh! AHHH! AHH! NO! NO! NO! YESS! YESS! YESS! OH OH OH OH" Her breathing becoming so shallow she was getting redder and redder... her body becomming limp... her arms gripping onto the ground with all they had... trying to make him stop at all costs. But it was futile. he begain tracing contours around the opening and humming more and more enthusiastically. But then... he went a bit too far: he inserted a finger into the opening... making Flora squeal in pain: "OW OW OW OW! THAT HURTS! GRRRR!!! FINGER OFF! FINGER OFF! AAAAGGHRRRRHRHHGGG!!!! OOOF OOF OOF".
When she gets pleasured propelly around the area, it feels like an addicting mix of tingling simultaneous pain and pleasure.
]


Abilities:

Ok now the fun part:
1- Transformation- When Flora transforms, an enormous seed is quickly casted out of a big chunk of her organic/inorganic matter reserves from all around her body... immediatly sucking up about 50% of her calories in one go. her organs have to move to the side and it becomes like a second brain as well (when the quirk user is mature and individuated. It has a life of its own initially and is pretty primal in its intention). She needs to perform this while underground, inside an adequately large and rich mass of soil, and during this state, her vines grow up to 10x faster, her regeneration is 5x faster and she can swim and sprawl under the dirt at several dozens of kilometers per hour. she can go AND grow fast, as well as multiply herself with other plants along the way. (which plants depends on the gender she gets at birth: flora quirk users have 2 gender slots: Plant gender and Human gender. These dont have to match). How fast she can grow depends on her current powerlevel, maturity and of how mineral/organic matter dense the soil is. She also physically melds with her vines and her appearance becomes an amorphical, sprawling, branchy, woody mess.
2- grow vines- quintessential and essential. These are the backbone of everything she achieves on the battlefield: Strangle enemies, slice through cracks in the ground to acess soil in order to transform and conjure up flowers to spew spores. She can absorb both organic matter and mineral infused soil through her root vines, but these cannot engage in combat as they are too soft. When she shells up underground, (never needed to, but in case), She will create a spherical, branch shell around the huge seed and the roots will always take priority in protection
3- flowers: she can create the flowers that her body knows. That is... remember those vegetable cells she recruits from the plants she eats? She can conjure them up using vegetative propagation. She needs to eat varied and plenty of what she prefers to grow the most. (The character "Flora" also knows how to grow weed hummmm....) her body builds, not only antibodies for microbes that harm it and that it is not familiar with (human side) but also chemical antibodies that consist on reagents that neutralize any toxins she might ingest, either by accident (klutz) or ... on purpose (mentally ill).
4- spores: Depends on the set of flowers she currently knows.