
*author notes:*
The fact she could have simply blunt struck the metalic villain to submission... damn...

But I bet Endeavour's entitled ass would have, even after being told all of this, still just been like: "Damn... girl stole my kill! I might want to remember to not bring her to the next mission"

Like... but shes soo outta pocket. The fact she literally becomes a plant.. like... speed? Intelligence? like... what even is she bro?!

I think this is one of those cartoon characters that like... give you severe nightmares to you in your teens

Ok. I will say this unapolagetically: I think I have caught the hots for her already!!!!! I love her so much! you know the part where she assimilates her enemies? I think thats... so oddly alluring and attractive... I swear if there is a kink for that I have it and if there isnt one already I just made it up. Ill call it: "Nutrient soup kink". I just love her so much. Thats it. Ive decided. I am an Yandere, I am an Airhead. I am non-maliciously manipulative. I am cognitively extroverted. A male. And... I LOVE GIRLS THAT DESTROY THEIR PREY FROM THE INSIDE! I LOVE IT SO FUCKING MUCH!

Honestly... flora would not do that but... if she actually meant it considering how much at her mercy he was... he would be thankful if he understood that... she hated his guts and people did not even particularly like him... during the fight she could have consumed both the villain AND Endeavour after she sleeped the entire battleground with her sleep gas plants

Flora is like the fictional, living embodyment of Half-Life ambient, atmospheric music or, specifically, "Its in the fog" by Derren Curtis

She is the kind of girl to make low-key toned youtube videos of her own life experiences using animated, feminized stickman figures

Ok hear me out here: Black Airforce Nike's are crazy. But... consider this for an equal rival: nothing beats the sheer aura of those really worn down, yellowed out, slightly ripped-out sole, smell-like-dirt umbros your farm grown friend uses. Those kids are usually so built different FR on god bro


The sad thing is, for her to genuinely get help for her repressed tension problem, I think the only conventional guidance that would be effecting would involve a sequence of events like this one: "She has one of her meltdowns she is in class, probably knocked half the class unconscious with sleep gas, she broke her chair again, almost decapitated the teacher with a vine whip... and the whole school heard her scream at the top of her lungs... she is red faced and panting... then her teachers decide, "Hey, this is enough, we're locking you up." Then, she gets reluctantly transported to a psychiatry hall, like, taking advantage of the fact she feels really guilty. Then, they close her up in a padded cell, and lock the door. There's no way she can get out, her cell would have to be specially reinforced with several layers of pristine, high quality steel, making sure it has NO CRACKS WHATSOEVER and padding through which she can't insert her vines, so that she's just stuck there. And, like, that's it... Because first they got a contain her, like, it's not for... It's not... We don't want to harm her, but we don't want her to run away either. At the same time... she would probably feel such burden-complex guilt she would just let it happen. She would be cooperative, albeit suffering loads in the process. But, if they could refine her just a little bit... only like 20%, (which could be a previous generation mirror for Izuko's percentage of power he can hold in his body) she could become an essential asset for the group... and a really good teamate, as she clearly, although she cannot really act on those values, respect her classmates and the importance of collaboration. She is a decent person beneath all the freakishness, mistery and meltdowns. She is (now) a 20 year old girl.

Shes got that chaotic, gradual, syrugical, destructive allure of a 90's worm virus


*Another combat scene*
(alternate history)
So... this time, she is with a different squad, after her parents insisted with Aizawa that she loathed Endeavour... even though Flora never said it out loud. Her squad, this time, has Nejire hado in it, another bloke and another girl with water powers. They are facing up against Toga. At a time when Toga kept giving the party a run for their money, Flora was, once again... sitting still and very paranoid. But then... the main bulk of the party ended up wandering out to a park. She cracked through asphalt, dug herself into the earth... and began the same old ritual she uses to take out every villain, her reasoning becomming rigid due to lack of adversity to her singular strategy (She can simply output SO MUCH sleep gas... thats actually her strongest asset.), that is, digging self underground, poking small little holes through the asphalt, after feeding herself thoroughly from the soil underneath the natural park, (This time she knows she doesnt need to make as much of a fuss) so... for each hole, she grows a sleep spore polinizer, and, when the party begins seeing the little holes in the asphalt, they know they need to scram immediatly. So they do it, leaving newbie villain Toga, utterly confused. Then... after about 3 physical kilograms of sleep gas have been spewed into the general vicinity of Toga, the latter begins to cough... her eyelids heavy... and... at this point being hung on a wall, because thats where the fight was interrupted, she freefalls from about 2 stories, which isnt enough to take her out... but... what comes next is what matters: Flora's network of branches begins to sprout from the earth... with people taking pictures from communal buildings in the city blocks surrounding the park taking photos from far away... through the windows. The water power girl begins to feed Flora... whose branches slowly approach Toga. Thorny, jagged and hard wooden branches begin to wrap themselves around every limb of toga. Then... comes phase 2. She begins to pump 'seiva' (portuguese for "plant blood" basically) through those branches sprouting flowers that somehow emit anti-coagulant spores. As Toga's blissfully unnaware body inhales these, and combining it with the slow, scratching and cutting from the coil shaped, wooden built, jagged files around the young girls legs, she begins to bleed out. She bleeds... and bleeds... and bleeds... going pale... and pale... and pale... until... Flora's branches begin to feed off the enormous pool of Toga's essence beneath her fallen body... Until not enough blood is left... in  Toga's body. Flora then begins to plant seeds inside Toga's newly formed, gaping gashes, which begin to grow by consuming from Toga's remaining flesh...  fully absorbing her... inside 1 hour and 15 minutes, to then disappear underground... to head into the forest to rest, once again... And once more... she had no chance to develop her collaboration skills... or even... connect with her teamates. Or witness the recognition everyone has been giving her behind her back. She reels back her network of branches, morphing into a sleek, "soil-dynamic" form, crawling hastly back to the nearest forest... undig herself, undo her transformation, and move on with her life.


If bakugo ever tried to tease her by calling her out the obvious way (to test her) Like this: "Hey! Hows photosynthesis going, huh, SpecialEd?" She would look at him, in a neutral expression and utter, gently: "I dont need to. My human form can breathe. Only my branches do that..." *AC humming noises* Flora thinks: "Creepazoid..." bakugo thinks: "Ok... so.... this girl... is a bit of an emotional dud then... Oh well... Ill annoy Izuko now"
