Flora is a 20 year old girl. She is 165cm tall and currently weighs at 59kg. She features blue, short hair, with a daisy stabbing through it. her eyes are colored in a dark shade of solid grey, without much gloss on them. Her resting face is very prolifically neutral and expressing herself through her face does not come naturally. Her skin is rather pale with a sliver of acne still present in her face. Her movements are winded, drawn out and fluid... but still unbothered and with an odd roughness behind them at times. Her natural posture is slightly hunched forward, but subtly so, as well as relaxed, casual and practical... but still self aware, with some level of adaptability for the occasion, but not enough to get under the radar. She is extremely withdrawn and repressed and people rarely get to see how she feels until she devolves into a spectacular meltdown, although Flora feels deep amounts of genuine guilt afterwards. She has been diagnosed as being on the autism spectrum... struggling alot in certain academic areas, like physics and math, and excelling exeptionally in others like Biology and Literature. She doesnt mind chemistry and feels quite confortable with Philosophy. her normal physical aptitude is very limited, cannot run very fast or jump very high. She is somewhat uncoordinated and does not have an easy time grasping spatial awareness. Anyways... her attire is dominated by a full body dress with a conventional, practical style, matching her unassuming demeanour and appearance. Its filled by lots of patchwork, sewed manually by Flora Herself, the different patches varying in almost every way. From pattern, to colors, to texture and even material. The dress' skirt is wide and reaches down to her ankles. No part of the dress has any metal framing. her footwear is a pair of black-white umbros... visibly very worn out and old, currently yellowed out and damaged sole. She does not feature any acessories or jewlery... aside from a golden, metalic, wirey collar around her neck. Her dress is adorned by some daisies pierced through it, particularly on the torso part. The chest part of the dress does not reveal almost anything, only a slight beginning of the rack of her cleavage being visible. 