When interviewed, as her new and mature self, if asked about what she would do with her earnings, (Its basically a loaded question for "What charity will you do?") she would say, as a partial truth: "Ill keep it for myself.", answering the remainder of the interview with the most generic and fluffery answers possible.
But after the cameras and nosy people leave her alone, she would run off into the forest again, sit by a tree, thinking: "I do my solidarity work OFF CAMERA, thank you very much... both with her mind and her inner child too.".
I think she would help 2 kinds of institutions, though: Neurodivergent Awareness movements and drug addiction rehabilitation centers. She would track back to all the villages she ever went by, as well as medium sized cities and help local institutions there by sharing her money. its not like she needs much of it anyway... she doesnt need electricity...

*Flora and pleasure*

*Flora recently got a boyfriend! They are happy together and are currently exploring ways to bond with eachother during intimate acts. One of the ways hey can achieve this is. First I gotta explain a bit of Flora's thought patterns and biology:
Flora's quirk is named, in technical/statistical databases as "Vine". She can grow fines from within her body that go through her skin and grow indefinitely, as long as she has the calories to feed them/soil around her (if transformed). Her favourite place to grow vines from is her feet. (Specifically her left foot, as she is a leftie in both football and ping pong). When her vines leave her body, the latter has to open up exits in the whole skin layer, by cutting it open in a diaphram sort of fashion, in circular patterns, that, immediatly after the last vine is retracted, the general are of skin surrounding that ""wound"" (its not really a wound but lets call it that as I cant think of a better word), is *extremely* sensitive and *stimulation receptive*. her boyfriend found this in the best way possible. After Flora had long began used vines to pin him down, straddle him and use a branch of delicate leaves to perform pleasure to his member during this specific session, he saw an opening. He pushed her back as she gasped in both adoration and fear at his new resoluteness. He looked down at her vulnerable pose and demanded: "lay down". Flora obeyed reverently. And then... after he took away her umbro sneaker and socks, he noticed there was a hole cut under a certain area of skin... that was now... in the slow process of closing itself... (It serves as to let Flora use her vines in situations that range from banter, to... r-word defense, and other casual non-combat settings) and this was also... "where her vines had come from... hummmm..." he thought. So. he looked at her and smiled. She smirked back, cocky that he had run out of ideas. But oh boy was she wrong. He asked, clearly holding up her foot, raising her leg: "What is this, baby? Should I touch here? Can I touch here?" Flora blushed tremendously and, trying her hardest to keep a straight face said: "N- no. N- no. Its... it doesnt tickle okay? Dont touch! Not thEEEEER- OHHHH N-" he began taking his tongue around the area... performing rim licking around the former opening of the vines. Another thing I have to point out is that the are will remain opened and STIMULABLE as long as it is... energized. (Like a sphincter). So he decided to begin lightly kissing and humming into the hole... making her squirm... and even try to kick his head away... because as he continued... getting more and more eager and daring to see Flora kick about in place, he began getting more and more happy with what he saw... keeping the act... threatning to drive Flora off the wall. Flora: "AHhh! AHHH! AHH! NO! NO! NO! YESS! YESS! YESS! OH OH OH OH" Her breathing becoming so shallow she was getting redder and redder... her body becomming limp... her arms gripping onto the ground with all they had... trying to make him stop at all costs. But it was futile. he begain tracing contours around the opening and humming more and more enthusiastically. But then... he went a bit too far: he inserted a finger into the opening... making Flora squeal in pain: "OW OW OW OW! THAT HURTS! GRRRR!!! FINGER OFF! FINGER OFF! AAAAGGHRRRRHRHHGGG!!!! OOOF OOF OOF".
When she gets pleasured propelly around the area, it feels like an addicting mix of tingling simultaneous pain and pleasure.

They, for example, reinvented their version of pseudo-69, where, as flora cannot really use her mouth, for obvious reasons, she uses her vine from one foot to pleasure her partners member, and then, after she released a vine from the other foot just so there is a hole, her partner pleasures that foot's opening. Poor inexperienced Flora almost always gives in first though... but when she doesnt, she gets to absorb her friends essence by planting some seeds on her partners member... saviouring it with her whole body. Another thing her boyfriend does is blow softly into the inside of the opening... something she reacts typically as such, in her mind: "...Omg omg....... OHHHH! OHHH! OHH!! OMG ITS INSDE! IT COARSES THROUGH ME! ST- SCHTOP! SSCHTOP! AAHAHHGGHHH! YES! YES YES! I CANT SHAKE IT! I CANT SHAKE IT OFFF ITS BOUNCING! AAAHHGGGRRRR!!!! STOP! OMG *Inhales* AAAAAAAAWWWWWMMMMMMM!!!!"


*Another song from Flora...*

Vibe: Colors of the universe: "I lay under the tree at noon... looking at the cloudy sky above the colors and odors coming from the earth, I grab a Zippo, clip at my vulnerable body! Mince it up! Roll it up! And enjoy! cutting myself and smoking myself laid out on the grass like I belong in a bookshelf! The tingling sensations have no reservations in making my brain go crazy and beg for more! All the colors that the leaf my perverse body produces allows me to see make me believe the divine might just be real! Its a good deal! I get to run away and forget my body's need to feel! The dreaded smoke travels through my lungs and surpasses all previous records! World record chemical dependency run! So why does it feel soo good? So good to escape! Why does it feel so good? To only let the aching wound open agape when the T his brother H and his sister C make a number on me? I wish I could fight. I wish I wanted to. I wish I cared. But just the thought of atoning for all im repressing makes me dread and scared! They all wait for me. Some root and some conspire. Their good wills scaring me away like a blazing fire! Self mutilating for hire! Scabs and plant roots slit carved in my skin following the trail of my self oriented ire!
Each plant I clip, each pot I shot at myself like direct injection to this diesel engine! Plastic dipped desire! So why does it feel so good? Why does it feel so good? To only let the aching wound open agape when the T, the H and the C seduce and pin me?
