*this is a character Ive adapted from my other story where she was a racing driver. The character concept is the same. She was just homologated for MHA (She will get a quirk, basically... and thats it)*
Flora is a 20 year old, Rogue Anti-Hero. She became an orphan 1 year after she graduated HighSchool, only becoming aware this week, as she has not set a foot in her parents' house for 18 months... unexplainably and suddently leaving them, and has very strained ties to the remains of the rest of her family. Her sister is abroad and wont answer her calls, She feels isolated as she was always an odd girl, and is from the same generation as the "big three", as well as a former classmate of theirs. she was a pro hero for a short while, always staying within 1 to 2 places of rank below the statistically weakest "Big 3" member. She never got any formal training with a previous Pro-Hero and mostly just roams around on her own... hoping nothing drastic will destroy her suddently. She is in her Autism spectrum, which makes the fact she essentially is living like a nomad rather worrysome... (Going from town to town doing chores and keeping herself sustained from the change she receives). Since her parents died, she has learned how to sew her own clothes from resources she gathered from the villages she visited... her clothes being a combination of an old-timey scarf wrapped around her long, blue hair, dark under deep, black eyes, very pale skin with sparsely populated by acnee, a long, full body dress made of patches and fragments of different colors, patterns and even materials. it is shaped like the most conventional dress you can think of: it has no sleeves, Is somewhat tight on the waist area, doesnt reveal any of her small cleavage aside from a sliver of crack, and she wears flowers on her hair and the left pocket of her dress. She wears old, worn pairs of sneakers she finds around the towns she visits, as gifts for her services (Being a waitress at beach bars, helping out at car washing garages, watering someone's plants...) and her lips are rather uncolored and her nose small. She is rather thin, but it belies the fact she is quite capable for her build, her muscles leaning alot towards aerobic metabolism, possessing loads of physical endurance, albeit with no snap to her movements. Her walking is fluid, almost hypnotizing. Her skirt goes all the way to her shins and isnt revealing, as the cloth she picks up is usually thick to prevent it from coming appart. She is very withdrawn and she is socially shy. Rather passive and does not like to take the initiative when engaging socially. She loves botanics. She collects flowers around the fields she goes across and sometimes... eats them. I have yet to discuss her quirk, but one of the things it allows them is to eat virtually any *plant* (Will still get poisoned by bad mushrooms... and would trip if she ever did them as a recreational drug and all that stuff) in the planet without feeling the slightest change in her system. She has two digestive systems and her body choses based on what food it thinks she ate: her mouth digestion has 2 phases: (it still has the teeth the tongue and that stuff. She would not be able to perform oral sex for reasons in a minute): A shower of *very* basic saliva. and a shower of *very* acidic saliva. The reactants are fed to her through organs inside her mouth that tell her body, before she swallows, what kind of food she consumed: A conventional digestive system for meat, and... a very rudimentary ruminative digestive system for vegetation, with antibodies to develop defenses for poisons. She can also transform different parts of her body, down to the skin itself, into plants she can use to whip her opponents, fire poisonous seeds or... cover herself in a vegetative Guille for camoflage. When overwhelmed, she quickly shells up inside a hastly sprouted camouflage Guille and crouches... shaking.
In combat, she relies on her vine whips to propell herself around spiderman style, and also transform her feet and legs into roots to dig herself underground in seconds. Her main attacks revolve around spraying the environment with gargantuanly copious ammounts of poisonous spores and cover herself in toxic berry bushes. She can be incredibly flexible so this was just a quick breakdown to cover just a bit of its variety. She is not very fast, her intelligence is slightly above average, but she is composed, tactically and resiliently minded, is natural at maintaining restraint (which fires back at her during common social situations) And when outside of town, she turns her main limbs into thick, oak branches and hangs between trees to sleep. (She actually finds it confortable, somehow). She loves botanics and, surprisingly, oxidizing-reduction reactions: (Fuels). She does not... really like to cook her food, specially in gas stoves. (Obvious reasons).
Her personality is outwardly passive and composed, that belie her inner turmoil: her inner child revolts in tense situations, wether lighthearted in context or urgent. She does not like to actively engage in confrontation or even polarizing controversy, which she chooses to do to repress her unpredictible, sassy and agressive inner child. In urgent situations, her inner child often cries and flails around completly helpless, chaotically and in complete despair, while Flora, on the outside, is taking care of business with the most neutral and still-watered expression possible. She can be very reluctant to explicitly ask for help, even in immediate, basic needs. She never told her parents she disliked school down to her core, she never told anyone she felt lonely, to such an extend everyone just... began reflecting back at her what she projected onto others: complete... obliviousness to her existence. They never had any reasons to dislike her... albeit her occasional autistic outbursts from weeks and weeks of incessant repression kept them on their toes. In her highschool days, she wore hoodies, scarfs around her face and kept wearing the Covid mask until she someone told her "hey... you dont need that anymore". (She did not take it off... only a month after). She is a slow, thorough learner that clearly separates her thoughts from her actions. she learns topics by hypothesizing about them and relating them to immediate problems in her day-to-day life. She performed quite well in intellectual academics, although she asked way less questions that she ought to... still having doubts over really essential notions in physics and math. She always prefered literature, biology and philosophy. She is very sensitive to her environment. She is always the first to leave when things begin escalating and tries her hardest not to pick any fights that she isnt completly sure are necessary, resulting in an explosive, diesel-engine-like temperament. (Basically... she is scaled up Tsuyu on steroids of 95% of the time... and scaled up Toga on steroids in the other 5%. The latter is also scaled up because, during her outbursts, she just feels so chaotic and overwhelmed she cannot formulate any kind of plan of action and just flails around aimlessly punching random things and screaming random nonsense.). She is *very* sensitive to the environment, mind you. And social atmospheres too. But she is not very socially perceptive and cannot really interpret the instinctual patters fed to her by her accute intuition that well... leading her to view any kind of social interaction just frivolous and unecessarly draining and futile. her emotions run deep... but she struggles alot to channel them... causing her to exude this "gentle, yet menacing quiet-kid" aura. 
Her biggest feat of power was not combat related... but it was to, at the cost of a rather big ammount of power, summon a pre-mixed and pre-seeded, 100m^2 patch of vegetable soil for a farmer that was in dire need to get food for the winter. She did this at *this* moment... (the power feat isnt done yet) because she *knew* it would rain... and I quote from her at the moment, the farmer looking at her like she is just being her usual, quirky self to then... "In 3... 2... 1..."  rain started to pour.
She is currently struggling with finding a foothold in the social, civilized, urban world due to the fact she never got to learn any practical, financial or bureocratic skills (Her parents never taught her and she does not really have the natural aptitude to grasp those notions, as you may imagine), she felt ostracized over the fact she was constantly ignored AND she did not really know how to assert herself, she cannot relate to other people her age, she cannot kiss anybody due to the initial stage of her digestive system (Her toxic ass saliva would leave permanent scars on the bodies of any potential partners), She rarely gets hugged and she is very afraid of failure.
