Ok... its time. its time for me to write, not the most difficult (cuz that was the technical, so-and-so rigorous part of her powers) part of Flora, but the most *painful*. which is her struggle with technology. I do struggle with it because I dont particularly struggle with technology but understand what happens in the minds of people who do, (I am actually at a level of building netowork programs in C), and witnessing struggle with basic stuff (for me), drives me nuts and makes me wanna saw off my fingers one by one. So, as a disclaimer, I *understand*. But its fucking painful ok?.

*Flora's struggle with technology. Ft. SpecialEd Yuuei student and SpecialEd class rep, Ryu (Its a small segment)*

(it doesnt matter what Ryu's quirk is (a.k.a. i havent invented one), it doesnt play a part in this)

*The project is for the subject of Technology and Science in Quirk Society (TSQS). It simply involves creating a google slides presentation about why hero work has to be done under the principle of "plus Ultra" to be impactful. You know... the kind of theme that would cringe the hell out of 1-A class students... It will be done in Ryu's Dorm AND in Ryu's laptop as well, as Flora saw Ryu use her laptop in front of her and... although they are both x86, have RAM and obey the same hardware architecture and stuff and BOTH use windows, Flora INSISTED for them to NOT use her computer as it was "Too complex". But now she is in another predicament. if it ISNT actually easier to use and has  a meltdown for some reason, (Flora has Autism and is deeply insecure), it will ruin Ryu's room and not Flora's, which will result in unbearable ammounts of guilt for her and second hand guilt for the writer of this scene and for you, the reader. Anyway lets get into it*

Ryu: *Booting up the computer* "Flora breathe with me ok? it is *not* gonna hurt you. I promissed I would help you alright?"
Flora: *Panicking out of her mind internally* "O- Ok... I trust you..." *She certainly trusts Ryu... she definitely trusts Ryu alright... Not herself though...*
*The windows 10 welcome screen appears, after a minute or so*
Flora: *Genuenly fascinated* "Woah! My computer makes that image too! Are you using the same as me?" *Stares at it, as it then progresses to the Desktop screen, loads of icons everywhere* "What?! I thought only my computer did that! Is your computer broken? Why is there that much stuff? I tried moving all my icons into the "recycling bin" thing but then I could not do anything! I even asked Aizawa to help me! That was a nightmare...
Ryu: "But those are your icons, Flora! If you delete them, you will have no shortcuts to open programs with!"
Flora: *Gasps, then uttering surprised and in reverence/trust towards Ryu* "Ohhhh.... so now... is it broken? Do I need to get new icons? Where do I get them?"
Ryu: *Sighs... thinking: "Oh no... God help me..."* "Just let me handle this okay? I will control the computer. You just give me ideas. Alright?"
Flora: "O- Okay..."
Ryu: "Please trust me on this one. This is a very simple thing to do with computers that they asked of us. But at least try to learn something okay?"
Flora: "S- sure. I will... learn..." *I wish I was outside right now... I really, really wish so...* "I really dont like computers... Dont get mad okay?"
Ryu: "I promisse I wont. Now... Watch me." *Clicks search bar*
Flora: "So you drag the think into there and click?"
Ryu: "Now you go to your keyboard and type: C. H. R. [For "chrome"] and wait."
Flora: *Omg... everything is so confusing! Why does it need to be those letters? I wish my mum could bail me out of Computer class again this year...* "S- sure... HEY! I DONT REMEMBER THAT! WHERE DID THAT COME FROM? WHERE ARE THE ICONS?" *Ryu had openend google chrome*
Ryu: "This is the... internet program. it helps you find things."
Flora: "Wait... OHH! it says chrome! Thats the thing that appears on the projector during class! I thought our computers could not do that!!"

The fact everything would all be solved if Flora ran away... Honestly I think I cant do much more... it was just suposed to be a sort of expose into flora's struggle and to sorta prove other people how deeply her struggles go despite all the amazing things she cant do. Its actually so painful Im growing cold and unable to empathize anymore