
Id personally also give her another nickname: "The Wooden Scythe"
I think she would be like: "uhhh... do I also have to memorize that one?"
But internally: "Yes... Im so slay! I rock! hehehehehhe.... People better fear me. heheheheheheh..."

Also... a funny detail about her. So... let me paint the context up: She is self-isolating, she does not like her emotions (like... at all). As long as the artificial ground beneath her is shallow enough, she can literally run away from anywhere, underground, to where no one can see her, preferably, and for MILES as long as there is humid soil surrounding her disjointed, transformed body. She can also stop and keep some leaves above ground for a couple minutes, or cease her transformation entirely so her human muscles can breathe too. Then... resume. And after she runs away for like 2 hours, she ressurfaces in an entirely different part of the country. (She did not take geology in Yuuei, as she had to choose between that and literature, but she would also ace Geology) Then... when she is alone, and rebuilds her clothes again, she sits under the shade of a tree, in the middle of the flowery summer plains, creates a tiny branch on her arm... and starts growing... marijuana. yes. She can grow her own damn weed. Then, although this is quite painfull, she can take a pair of scissors, cut out the marijuana sprouts and... process them... along with some appropriate paper, and a lighter she carried all the way to here, careful to not ruin it. She then... takes it to her mouth and... enjoys herself. She can stay here like this for 'days' without anyone noticing shes gone. Her parents never found out she did this... nor did the remainder of the school so far. (What is tragic is that, her creating these Marijuana sprouts and then cutting them, is a teenager's equivalent of slitting their arms)

The way she uses anticoagulants on Toga... and scabs her up... ironic

It may sound weird... but I think, from what my gut tells me, that if she was a car, She would be the Chaparral 2J.

Also... when she is turned on, her breath starts to smell really bitter and acidic- a bit like dried out human urine

Oh! and she is also part human. So... although she is a plant as well, she can get energy from absorbing organic as well as Inorganic matter!