*Another combat scene*
(alternate history)

So... this time, the place is the battleground of the hero-villain war before the one where Izuko and the others fought. All for One is there, just like Shigarraki, Twice, Dabi, etc... but not Toga (she was killed by flora in the last combat scene ive shared). The big 3 are in the fight, having prepared themselves along with the rest of the current generation as well as teachers like All Might, Aizawa and Present Mic. Both fronts were face to face... with the Villains barricaded ready to defend the hero Siege. In one moment, the heroes decide to strike. heroes split tasks, the big 3 being left responsible for dealing with All for One, along with All Might. The others deal with less prolific villans (bluntly... they are minions), and Dabi, Twice, etc. The streets are empty as they have been evacuated. Brawling Heroes and villains sprawl all over this set of city blocks... which... was conveniently close to a city park.

Out of nowhere, an unassuming girl... that no one could actually recall... and apparently was not evacuated shows up... uttering... in gentle, soothing, monotone wording: "Guys? Room for one more?"

She was unrecognizable for them. because... they dont recall ever even interacting with her and... even if they remembered her from highschool, she now had *no acne*. Bro... ok let me just say this: if the loner, outcast, misfit, at any point, loses their acne, and pulls up to whats suposed to be the final battle after being out of public memory for YEARS, You know shit will get real. She even pulled up wearing UMBROS! UMBROS WITH RIPPED SOLES AND UNTIED LACES!
(She was exuding PURE, peak crooked-Umbro energy, like... lets talk about this for a second: know those kids with no friends, weird habits, old ass clothes, smell like grass or even excrement/dirt all the time, bombazine pants, spend entire recesses alone, and wear umbros? And then Pull up to the recess area soccer painted-tarmac pitch and then they just tackle you to the ground, slide tackle, after slide tackle, not allowing you a second to dribble, and always go to class with at least 3 new scratches on their arm while also having scored a goal from midfield? That throws fits in the middle of class and no one pays attention until its time to see what grades they get? Thats crooked-Umbro energy)

Some heroes suddently shift focus to the strange, oddly cocky girl... 3 of them detaching from the main force to politely get her to immediatly scram. But... as they approach her, Flora, suddenly, grows thick vinnes from her femur and back muscles... burrowing herself under the earth.

They look strangefied... as they have no idea who this person even is... let alone quirks, backstory or even criminal history or links to villains.

Flora, then, suddently notices the presence of All for One himself on the battlefield. Flora at this time had found out who had killed her parents during her period of intentional-unintentional self-exile from society: it was him. They were nurturing her, gradually transforming this complete wildcard into a refined, powerful ally. So... knowing at the time she was not really attached to them in her own terms, but out of resigned acceptance, albeit she always felt this strange, comforting sensation every time she was begrudgingly forced to stare at her mommas eyes... during the anger management sessions... no weed... no running away. it felt... oddly purifying. And... she loved it, although she did not really know that. And now she knows just how much. She was now 26 years old. had learned plenty. Seen plenty. Improved, and regrown plenty. She borrows herself underground at the main battlefield... beginning to agressively expand and grow. She grew powerful, 1m thick branches in all directions... growing hundreds of small roots from them... planting thousands of seeds... consuming hundreds of kiliograms of dirt every 5 minutes. The earth was noticeably shaking... and shaking hard. it felt unstable. After some 7 minutes, Huge  trees suddently grew from the ground, from which the shaking made them drop pinecones and dehydrated fruits, Expanding. Trees grew, seeds dropped, she expanded. She was consuming tons and tons of soil at this point. Then... she stopped. She had individuated, merged herself with her inner child, now able to talk even transformed: "Hello dear peers! Its me. Flora. The weird tantrum girl. Remember the big 3? Ill let you know that there was one more. the 4th main student. I decided to flee a bit... but then got my mind together... continued studying to become a hero at college... learning loads of new stuff, Even passing math! I got a 15 in Abstract Algebra 505 guys! And learned loads more. And now Im back. And that bastard over there will pay. Now scram. Im going to work." They suddently remember: The attacks during the hero training, the odd girl that did not move and then disappeared. It was her! and now they were gonna see what she could do. Suddenly... channeling all her rage, she sprouted thousands of flowers across her colossal branches... ejecting metric ton after metric ton of paralyzing spores, which disoriented All For One. "Run dear friends! This gas is poisonous!" The gas began infiltrating All for Ones system, and after he was panting for control, Flora's branch network steadly, in one go, sprouted from the outside... taking water from the city's main water supply from undergound pipes, along with the loads and loads of minerals. In about 30 minutes, the top 30% of the humus layer of the park was gone. The banches climbed and climbed and climbed... eventually reaching all for one... and pulling down at him... wrapping him up with loads of little branches... that grew in size as flora pumped merciless ammounts of anti coagulant spores into the air... and dug her thorny branches into All for One's organism. But... unfortunately, as Flora began For real thinking about dumping her entire seed inside him (Wait... PAUSE!), All her effort was gonna be in vain, as All for One grabbed her two main branches, keeping Flora Stuck. She uttered, in an echoing, mature, yet gentle but thundering sequence of struggling gasps and sounds : "Gnn! gggHHHnnnn!!! gHNNNNG!" It could be heard for hundreds of meters away. She had covered just about the volume of the whole park in branches and spores. But then... All For One's Antibody quirk destroyed her branches... injecting some of his own into her... beginning to rot her from the inside. and then... in one fell motion, Set her whole network on fire... forcing her to literally cut her losses and go back to her previous form... now laying down on the ground... collapsed, unconscious and helpless. Aizawa saw her, and, wearing a gas mask he had gotten from a raided hardware store, quickly takes away flora into a nearby forest... digging up a hole for her quickly... and settling her down... with only her head above the ground... as he was still unsure how your body actually works and did not want to take any risks. He waited a couple minutes and, taking a hand to Flora's neck, relieved she still had a solid ammount of pulse, uttered as she unconsciously began quietly sipping at the soil's nutrients, once again, small leaves poking from her hair: "If we need you, we will summon you ok?" Then... the veteran teacher leaves.
After this, she would learn by herself that her branches are way too cost-innefective against all for One at the moment, and the heroes would all coordinate with eachother and her to occasionally call for her as a sort of "on demand support status-effect summon"
And one of the factors that the heroes would consider when making this decision is the sheer ammount of material she needs to consume from the ground to produce those thick branches... like... might as well spend them in tons and tons of spores than will render an entire area sterile for any villains who dont have protective gear, right?
A sparse selection of relatively less busy heroes would keep her updated as she healed... as well as giving her up-to-date instructions on what might be asked of her on the next summon

In Flora's head: "I might be exausted, I might be cumbersome. I might be distant. Alien. Being used as a summon I wait as my branches fend off the antibodies. Before I was uncoordinated. Then... outside the public eye... I was egotistical, always craving the spotlight as the first shreds of vulnerability peered through. But the environment forced me to confront my helplessness while alone. But that does not entail dependency. Because weakness isnt failing one time. It is failing... alone. So now I play with my team. After learning how my human side wants to play, I engage with feedback and play as a piece. Now... grown and mature, Ive learned that what trully takes you further isnt a mindset of achievment or balance. it is... necessity. So as I waited for you, my friends. Wait for me. When I know I am needed, I will be there. Trust me."

At some point, Flora was called upon, having reflected on what strategy she should go for, where she is needed and how to contribute as much as possible in each phase of the altercation. But decided against it, during her reflection and healing period, choosing instead a much simpler strategy: She was gonna be a natural aerosol bomber! So... what she did was, she walked back to the battle field, trying to be discrete about it... noticing that her teamates were already preparing my arrival... trying to stun and damaged them as much as possible AND... luring them into the park... again. Flora then went to work. But this time... she was subtle. She dug into the concrete... as the soil extended somewhat beyond the surface bounds of the grass patches, beginning to expand... gradually... vibrating as little as possible. Her friends struggled, having already pinned shigarraki, Eraser head keeping his quirk disabled, not allowing him to destroy your branches, and Togata just giving Dabi the HANDS for days like my god! Uppercut! overhand! Gut check! Mid air! Bro was going all out on leather face! Flora kept expanding... slowly feeding on the soil... letting out slight huffs of air, poking small holes between the grains of dirt. then... after she occupied the entire park, once again, all her beging began to spoke, in a reverberating, intense yet gently vocalized voice: "Everyone! I will deploy my special move! Spores will fly! Hurry!" *Everyone knew what this would entail.* *During her absense, they had gathered gas masks so as to not be affected by Flora's spores if they somehow could not outrun the spore cloud as it grew in area.* They put on their masks, and scattered... leaving the villains confused, once again. So flora grew hundres of kilos of plant-blood across the walls of the branche's vessels: In one go, it suddently began sounding like rain. *FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAA* is what they heard as the sky suddently began turning pitch yellow! Billions and billions of particles spreading in the air, like a downpour of paralyzing, macroscopic pods began swirling to the soft breezes of early may. And minute... after minute... after minute... it just kept pouring out... more and more and MORE! A short jet sprouted out of the ground as an enormous mushroom of death grew and grew! The smell of urine was unbearable! Villians... left right and center began to succumb to symptoms of nervous paralysis mixed with a small percentage of neurotoxin... the weak... perishing from the overwhelming volume of poison they inhaled, the slightly stronger fainted, including Spinner and Twice... leaving only Dabi And shigarraki limping away and coughing... desperately scrambling to keep their breaths... But, as the minions began falling like flies, Flora's branches began intelligently alternating: Some kept up the sheer metric tons of bio hazardous particle spraying, and others... well... formed small thorny networks... slowly being tied up, scabbed, and assimilated by the dozens by Flora's mix of vegetable and animal cells... using the decomposing microbes inside her branches to deliver their minerals and fuel the relentless spore deflagration. And it. kept. Going.... and Im talking "FFFFFFFFUUUUUAAAAAAAAAA!!!!" For a period of around 10 consecutive, uninterrupted minutes. After this, her vines and spores ceased their efforts... giving the Hero Association and her classmates time to think, the villains Casualties to register, and Flora time to retreat to the nearby forest... through the underground tunnels she noticed on her way to the battlefield... waiting for her next callup. She called this move: "The Sprawling Garden"