something tells me that *Her* singing this when already having kids and a husband is fitting: (The genre is Portuguese HipHop style with english lyrics.)

In the cottage near the fields! From harassing caretakers and using vines as shields!
With my lover inside cooking at the stove, I think about the treasure trove of hope that is the memory that inspired this melody! Such a great hubby. A small man that Doesnt budge. Shy but daring. Odd but caring. We swam together in the sludge of life, during each daily strife! We coupled our bodies in the beautyful act! it was good yet awkward thats a fact! We sprouted two twigs: A boy and a girl! Thankfully they speak and when they speak: "I love you, mommy!". Their smiling faces power me through the mud swamps and keep me together with the glue of their eyes! They appear in my head when drowing in dread! Their first words were directed to Daddy: "Give bread". So we strive everyday to make that a reality! Loving them we must as they carry genes infused with abnormality! Their doodling reminds us from the day a plant and a man decided to kiss and cuddle! And the blissful, heavy burden of providing over the rocky mountains of fate keeps us gliding! The plant girl and the blooming boy acting coy while with cuddles eachother they destroy! The bills, the money and the job! Keeps us on the ground and humble! paper work to be dealt wont destroy any emotion to be felt because tripple bonds are stronger than printer paper! So at the end of they day under the summer night sky! In my dreams I dread the day our hearts will fly apart! Any sense of meaning Ive ever craved has been filled up by my darlings gaze! Family tree's grow wider and wider! Life goes along even after the darkest days! This popular music from the loner girl breaks the silence of the echoes of chaotic, emotional swirl! So now under the tree, sensing the smell of grass. The chirping birds and the soft soil, I stay grateful that my mother was alive before this shy twirp made herself a trunk!