Okay here comes the scene. Draw Flora in the bathroom stall, sitting on the toilet... haunted by the guilt induced by her own actions. Vibe: "Vines... vines... vines... vines.... vines... All My brain shows me is vines wrapped in vines and more vines. The drops of sweat on my limbs and blushing, flustered, violence lusted face slowly crawling down my pale skinned body,The chilling air from the old AC filling my lungs with mouth drying, tongue numbing anxiety. My eyes between the legs I embrace, shelled up, sitting down on the white toilet vase, shaking and dreading coming back to class, dreading yet another outburst, of leaving yet more destruction in my wake. My broken, disjointed, jagged brain teethering on the edge of a crossing between crying, shouting and destroying. The recently closed holes in my feet urging for me to let some vines out. Vines... vines, vines, vines. If you have no self control, assimilate it with vines. if you cannot speak like a proper human take your anger out on others. Momma? Please understand. She teased me! She Teased me! I had no choice! She backed me into a locker so I wrapped her up slowly... slowly... slowly until she began crying. It was so much fun mom! She really did deserve it... okay? shes like... the mean girl! She must pay! No one even likes her that much! it... it makes sense mom! She must pay! Everyone wants it anyway! its not my fault shes so shallow and dumb! Im smarter than her! Im smarter than her! [I state, while still wearing my usual patched up dress, the daisy stabbed through my shortcut, blue hair, my feet itching like the biggest mosquito bite you ever got in your life. my body cold and sweaty, My eyes distant, peering through my joined thighs as I plead the world to not startle me anymore. to not touch me or anything that could remotely set off the diesel that I harbor in my soul. Diesel From the dead vegetation I forgot to processs. The emotions the world gave me and I never acknowledged. Tanya the mean girl may be a bit of a socially picky, prick, bitter pickle, princess, and thats why it made sense! it did! Im totally normal and I do NOT need a psychiatrist. I am FINE. I am FINE!" For every deep inhale, my mind gets clunkier. For every inhale, one more mass of stale air. For every inhale, the sighs get shallower and the gasping accelerates, jerky with sudden drops. With every gasp and shudder, My mind clogs up with the greasy fog of the kitchen of an unihyienic fast food chain, saturated mop bucket water mixed with humid loose strands of hair from the bathroom stall. For every inhale, the tangled hodge-podge of vines, bitter uric acid and memories that is my mind gets messier... ever more tangled and sparse, the sensations, smells and sights mingle and mix up with the grafity in the mosaic walls of the school water closet I took refuge in. The muscles in my face get tenser and tenser... my hands gripping my hair and temples get shakier... my heartbeat slows and quickens and the vines and barbed wires expand, tangling into themselves and around every course of action, silver linning and relieving thoughts, my soul splitting into multiples of 3 at every breath. And then... with one final drop of water dropping from the tap beyond the locked door of this highschool, bathroom stall, I yell to the heavens: "KKKKKYYYYAAAAAAAA!!!!!"