Psychic power ideas resulting from discussion with fellow  nuanced yappazoid:

-Digestion in my stories is Instantaneous for all people

-Psychic Scanner interference

(Invented detail)
Brains naturally get excited by and reflect a very, very narrow range of E.M. radiation pulses, and these reflections can be caught by a psychics sonar and burned temporarly in their gland

This range is called the "Psychic range"

(It would vary from person to person, like vocal coord frequencies)


These pulses, as we know, consume calories.

Two psychics fighting for a read on someones brain would turn into a mexican standoff where every calory and scanner pulse must count.

And because the band is narrow, Psychics have to be careful and calm down, otherwise their glands, which are essentially E.M. pulse emitters, will emit stuff that is all over the place. They must always focus

Also... psychics cannot discern to the stream of thoughts of or read those from the brains of people who have fevers. cannot easly read clearly, or write consistently to brains from people who, for example, just exercised intensly. And psychic tunnel reading and writing are much, much more stable, and easly coordinated, respectively right after people eat ice cream, during those "let me stay in bed five more minutes please" december winter days or when people are calm/depressed.
Overall... when the mind is colder, has more conscious activity or is more orderly. Its most optimal when a non singular subset of them is true. Cold= good.


Psychic scanning is basically gross wifi. And then if they catch and identify a psychic brain, they can hop from them and use their psychic gland to make a scan, if they can catch them distracted or over power them with E.M. cancellation, which is tiring. (If they are friends chilling this is not an issue).

One way tunnels are only one way to an extent: Each psychic has a sort of tunnel fingerprint that emmits waves in a certain pattern, acquired and unchanging after the psychic reaches teenagehood.

One way psychic tunnels connecting to other psychics can be decoded by the destination, if skilled enough, if and when they become aware of the connection. If they succeed before being harmed or stunned, they cannot close the tunnel of the emitter, but are able to counter attack, forcing the offender/teaser/truth telling friend to back off.

*author notes:*
Bro I gotta thank him fr two brains really do think better than one