Do you wanna know something that nudges her into an episode in a rather significant way? The driver she was dueling with preceeding the episode, Gonzo, is a driver with a style that is like the rock to jessica's scissors: when he drives just as well with or without fighting, he sometimes lets you overtake him on purpose to try to match your pace and feel you out and *then* keep his car really close to yours to force you to lock up and stuff... basically... he wears you down mentally... he doesnt go for divebombs or flashy psychological warfare. he just... *Drives*, which will make Jessica, at first, start absolutely jetting from her ears... and then... she slowly gets desperate

I know what part of the circuit she will DNF at: She wont crash btw so dont worry. What happens is: after she talks to the radio, after 30 seconds... she is totally consumed: mouth dry, eyes open... cold sweats... gripping the steering wheel at full power without letting go... But they are driving in laguna seca and... know the big up hil straight before the righthander that takes you to a climb that leads you to the entrance of the corkscrew? she will have the episode during there. Gonzo will talk to his team... and... *Remember the too buddy-buddy thing? It will play out here... no real driver would do this... as sad as that sounds* be like: "She is not responding! She is not responding! Wait!" "No gonzo! focus on the race! we know of her issues and-" "Look how fast she is going! Wait!" "Gonzo? Gonzo?! HEY!" *Ignores radio. he decides to do something he knows may be reckless but he rather see her freakout than in pieces: So he takes his yellow IMSA corvette C7R, he begins side-nudging her car slowly into the left gravel trap... and grinding it gently into the wall... which feels like an earthquake inside the car but... "what can you do?" he thinks... Then... after the gravel trap is over... he comes to a stop and watches her car roll across the wide 90 degree turn that follows that uphill straight... and *hope* the car is slow enough. After a couple seconds of rolling and revving down... she... bumps into the tire wall. He looks to the window. She is breathing heavly... but she is "fine." the marshalls see it and signal a yellow flag. Gonzo tells the garage... not sure of whats happened to her: "I think she is having a panic attack or something... can you tell those marshalls to be careful?" "On it... good job, Gonzo... now come on... we gotta get you out of that car... you need to distract yourself" "Copy." *He then starts heading straight to the pits...* "maybe I should talk with the dodge/chrysler team? What the hell was that about?"