When Jessica is asked about it in interviews, she never shies away from sharing her political beliefs. She is very convinced and very vocal about it. When asked: "Where do you like on the political spectrum", many field-reporters just expect some answer like: "you know... respect for everyone... inclusivity, keeping things clean on the race track" or whatever. But Jessica, after a touring car race, where she won... with a margin of 30 seconds by the way... 2 laps from the finish btw, she said this:
"I identify myself as a libertarian left, through and through. I think I am actually the best leftist on the planet on the best type of leftist ideology on the planet as well. And if you disagree with me, youre wrong and Ill explain why. Because I believe people should try to understand every perspective and "never leave a soldier behind" socially. We are all one species so we should all respect eachother like comrades. For instance... it pisses me off [they were still talking in a paddock race interview, by the way] when some leftist shithead on the internet goes on, and on, and on about how Elon Musk is the devil or something or how Trump or whoever the fuck is the devil. And the main excuse is always "but the people and they are so rich and they dont share yatta yatta yatta" ok bro so wheres the humanity? Where is the hours upon hours of time they could have spent with their families or just themselves that they are spending in investing? Do you see that? Because if you dont, youre not a real leftist. Because being a leftist is all about inclusivity and if you cannot empathise with thos that are strong in your eyes, you fundamentally cannot empathise with the weak, only pity them..." *Leaves the interviewer alone*


Jessica wrote this in a Reddit post at "r/formula1" titled: "Stop being hypocritical babies"
"Now I know why corporations and the FIA push hybrid engines so much and why you are all spoilled, shallow babies for wanting V8s to come back and even V10s. It doesnt matter which it just makes you even worse. The older the engine that you want, the worse you are. Because they are not just doing it because race cars themselves pollute the environment alot. No. Its because the hybrid V6s align with the industral principles that the FIA wants to push forward and promote for companies to implement in their customer cars. And, btw, a car sells way better if the technology they use is in F1 cars *right now* than the F1 cars of *yesterday*. because thats how actually sensible people think... 
[Insert surprised Pikachu photo]
Anyways... if they had something better or less polluting or more advanced to promote, or something that aligned better with what is globally understood as being more necessary, they would do that! if they suddently realized that more cylinders were less polluting for some reason, they would choose that. They do not listen to you, because they dont have to, and that have reasons not to. You are idiots. And most of you are so blinded by nostalgia that you dont even see racing. You see cars running in circles for no reason. Racing is way more than engines. And besides reliability and efficiency, engines are so much the same that it doesnt matter. Aero is where all the time is gained. of course... placing the engine in just the right spot is crucial... and making it lighter and smarter too, and thats what they want to promote. Not "neat sounds" for your stupid meme video.
Ive always known this... before I raced I always knew this: Ive always given a side eye to everyone who just rambled on, and on, and on about "the good old days"... because my intuition just told me it was a stupid hill to die on. And it turns out I was right. The V6 engines are not good in opinion. They are good because engineers think they are good.

TL;DR: Think like adults. Not like videogame fans okay? Racing isnt a videogame. People put their lives on the line and corporations are also made of humans, you idiots.

Use your heads.


*Author notes*

She absolutely buys reddit gold.
And discord nitro