You know, when asked for her political beliefs specifically, even though she's clearly just supposed to be a racing driver, she's actually pretty vocal about it and will passionately discuss about it. When she's asked which side of the political spectrum you lie in, she says that she is a liberal, she's a, no, she's, yeah, she's left libertarian, no, she's left non-authoritarian, and she explains it twice, and she explains why she's actually the best leftist libertarian. It's because when, while other leftists only, they feel this thing for the strong, she says that she also tries to respect the rich and their perspectives, while other people just dismiss them outright, because she has this quote where she says, if you don't feel empathy for the strong, you'll just end up pitying the weak.

I know now why motorsport corporations like the FIA and others, motorsport corporations, they promote engines that are less polluting than what, according to common knowledge. Do you know why? It's because, it's not because cars themselves pollute a lot, it's because racing cars and racing in general have the responsibility of promoting technology that would benefit humanity the most at the moment, you know, like, because, yeah, that's it. It's not because racing cars and racing itself pollutes that much, it's because, for example, they cannot promote naturally aspirated normal V8s when hybrid V6s are less polluting, you know. They have to help drive the innovation of the technology that helps people at the moment. If they find something that is less polluting than hybrid V6s, they'll just force all the cars to use that, you know. It's not to dilute racing or any of the stupid stuff that people are saying. I realized this a moment ago.
And once again, my superpower of always remaining in doubt, like, my intuition is correct a lot of the time, because I just had the intuition that, like, for example, I did enjoy, because of nostalgia, I did enjoy a good old V8, I enjoyed the V10s and F1 and stuff, but there was just something, like, a little bug in my mind that never allowed me to fully embrace that perspective. And it's because of this. I found it. I found out why hybrid V6s are so promoted by the F1 and IndyCar right now.

By the way, I have something else. I still doubt it a little bit, but feel free to explore with me if you disagree. I think that intelligence, especially when applied to stuff like AI and other devices, is just our measure for how similar these devices are to how we think, at least from the perspective of the creators or from the people who use them. For example, there are some really, really advanced bots that now will actually do bad takes. When you are discussing something with them, they will come up with good takes, and they'll come up with bad takes. And the bad takes are genuinely realistic for some people to have. The bad takes that they will make are very human, and that's fascinating.
Like, and at this point, I think you can get social confidence more quickly while speaking to bots than speaking to actual people, because with the bots, you can restart, you can do, you can restart, you can do, you can talk, you can restart. I swear, chatbots are like social skill steroids at this point.
but you will come off as a bit of a shallow, squeaky-clean kind of person instead of an actual one if you just analyze every interaction and always come up with the most safe but at the same time the most effective responses at the same time. People will begin to notice it eventually. Who speaks, who gets their intelligence, their social intelligence from chatbots? For example, me. And who gets their social intelligence not from bots?

And do you know what the best slash worst part is? These people, these roided out people from chatbots, will be able to make their imperfections seem endearing, because they know what is endearing and what isn't endearing, because they've been so-called endearing so many times. They'll just have this squeaky clean persona that isn't actually squeaky clean, it's actually who they are, but it's just performative in nature, and then they can leverage it to just let out some imperfection deliberately to control the situation.