On just another morning... 9pm to be exact... here, on this blue planet, we will witness the story of two characters with a bond that will be forged in the battlefield. More specifically... In the race track.
Country.......: United States
State......: California
City......: Salinas.
The track: Laguna Seca.
The spectators, team staff and race officials roam the track... everyone either to their own devices or talking to eachother. Some rivals go to eachothers paddocks to talk smack at eachother, like Filipe Albuquerque and Antonio Felix da Costa, the top two drivers in the GTE category in the IMSA endurance sports car racing championship. The current event is the 1000 miles of laguna seca. The track is challenging, tight and it hosts the infamous corkscrew. 

The track starts with a slightly arching downhill main straight, that leads the driver directly into a second gear hairpin. This is a corner that tests your ability to trailbrake and also your bravery, as the sudden drop in the middle of the straight for such a highspeed section will unsettle the car. Up next is a wide apexed 90 degree corner... with gravel traps on either side. Actually... practically the entire track has gravel traps... except a few sections like the main straight and the corner entry section for the corkscrew. Up next is a slightly wider corner than before... and a straight that archs to the right and a 90 degree high speed turn that cars typically take at 4th gear. Then an uphill section that leads to a corner entry that hosts the terminal point of the first sector and marks the start of the second. after this corner, though... its another uphil section... leading you straight into the corner that makes this track. The corkscrew is a sharp dropping, tight chickane that can make all the difference during a lap. The trick to mastering it is to be brave and let the car roll, keeping it on the road (And I dont just mean away from the gravel) As much as possible. After this stressful moment... which you will go through for at least 90 laps during your stint, you face a wide, highspeed corner that leads into another 90 degree 3rd gear corner. After this, we get a sharp hair pin, that runs alongside the pit lane... and then it finishes on the main straight.

Thats the track. With 2 hours still to go, drivers either warm up, listen to music, stock up on calories or say their prayers. Gonzo, one of the two, who is currently 6th in the championship and, being on a good run, looking for his first overall podium, is talking to the technical staff of the team he drives for, the Chevrolet Factory Team. His yellow corvette, the number 63, posted up in the pits... waiting for him... with blankets on the tires. They discuss, alongside his co-drivers, Nico Varrone and Tommy Milner, who goes in the first stint, when to switch and, overall, what kind of strategy will be employed. They also engage in some lighthearted banter, as this is just a race, after all... and there will be plenty of time for tension later.

The cars in this category all make around 500kW at the crank, weigh in at 1200kg. The bodies must be taken directly from currently-in-production models from the accepted brands. And, alongside huge the rear wings, diffusers, front splitters and side skirts, possess stuff like mandatory rollcages and other safety regulation stuff like team-colored headlights, neon track position display number plates, blinkers (For overtaking).

*Notes:*