
Like... But I know what I am talking about: Like... its like RAM in computers. its not random, because programs are using it, but... you just cant predict the kinds of "memory leaks" in schizo brains that lead to episodes. I cant pin point a reason to her episode. it can be anything... as long as the right neurons are triggered


Because... lets take Jessica's brain for example: This is cannon: She can have already come out of the most intense race of her life. Lets imagine she isnt in IMSA yet and she is racing touring cars or smth. she can be giggling and way over herself (Or mad at a driver that punted her if she DNF) for like 5 hours and its totally fine. But then... she can be chilling with her magalhães computer  then go to the WC. She opens the lights and suddently... the curtains look like they are vibrating... and then she starts hearing the toilet flush... ya know?

Okay, if ADHD is like a very loud party and is a schizophrenia, like an earthquake, where like...
What? But I know what Im talking about, so shut up! Anyways, earthquakes are, like, unpredictable and unforeseen things that, like, no one really knows when they will happen. Also, they are caused by known things, you know? They are caused by something. They are not random. Like, they're like, uh, the, like, the, it's like, in a, in a computer, they appear out of the RAM. Like, the RAM that is currently not being used by any programs, right? Like, programs leave random values there, right? Until the operating system cleans them. But, like, programs use the memory very logically, but we never really know what will appear there at all times. So, that's where schizophrenia becomes unpredictable. Where ADHD is like a very loud party. Where, like, it's chaotic, it's loud, and it's kind of obnoxious for people who, who, all certain nature. But, it doesn't mean that it's random or, or, like, uh, uh, or, like, caused by things out of our control. ADHD, although, like, people cannot control certain things, because parties, like, uh, they, people get dragged into the flow of the party. Like, it's still organized, and it's still orchestrated by someone, you know? Where, like, uh, schizophrenia is not. BUT... BUT... they are not like wildfires. Because you can put out fires... but you cant put out earthquakes. You have to either follow formal procedures (take meds yourself) or just brace for impacts when stuff inevitably starts breaking (They begin doing stupid stuff... and you see yourself having to cut their acess to dangerous objects to themselves and others and just GUESS what they are alergic to if they decide to drink something random)


Albeit... albeit... long periods of effort and *prolongued stress* seem to increase likelyhood alot. (In jessica's brain specifically). So because it was a touring car race (Those are like 20 laps tops), it did not damage anything. Its like running a program that you know uses malloc for too long: *Eventually* stuff starts leaking 

No you dont understand: stress can be portraied and gradually shown. But psycho episodes are like stray bullets... or segmentation faults. You only know what happened after it has happened... everything is more neurological than psychological

I mean I assume jessica is the kind of person who *knows* what to do but cant be bothered to memorize every little nitty gritty detail the psychiatrists tell her... I dont think she really cares about psychology that much. I imagine her doctors do most of the talking for her 