Basically her challenge will be: The mechanic will be: She will be interacted with in this way: she has an inner child: her inner child will speak in paralel to her and will be our way of knowing how Flora (its going to be her name... due to her interest (obcession) with botanics) trully feels. On the surface, she is composed and almost nonchalant. But... in reality... she doesnt really feel like she has any control over her life and, like Jessica, she was sorta (With loads of quotes) """rescued""" from a """loser""" situation: lost... no practical life knowledge, lots of passion, little drive, misunderstood, lonely, etc, etc. But Flora is less confrontational: The problem is even kinda the opposite from jessica: If the setup of the car is not like she is used to/is bad/is way better, her body and reactions wont give much away that the mechanics can work with or act on, if she is asked if she needs a change of tires (they dont have the equippment to gauge it like Jessica's team (Dodge) has, as they are privateers) she will not tell them until she starts basically locking up every other corner and if the tires are still too cold... she may get so overwhelmed she will almost drive like shes on a forest trial... with opponents zooming past her left right and center... which exacerbates her overwhelmed feelings... but... her car, the Vertigo, albeit not the most powerful on the grid, is by far the lightest (Thats how it got accepted into IMSA's BOP formula... its very light) at just 890 kg dry, and she is able to feel to an incredibly deep ammount, how stiff/soft the car is rolling, she can almost feel the weight transfers in her body and is overall very gifted as a driver because of it. But... she has a bigger problem: her meltdowns. because... because life has been rough with Flora (Thats how she got in the "loser situation"... parents died, is on age of college, and now grapples with "should"ing "getting a job", "marrying", "not falling behind"... so she then began just roaming around everywhere looking for small errands to do so she can stay "afloat" all the while her home is a complete mess... as she feels way too overwhelmed about it to clean anything, she smelled really badly most of the time and overall, albeint not resentful about anything in her life... that she felt grateful for despite all of this, had really bad self esteem. and because of her autism, ironically, even though she is really sensitive for some things, for others (in her case, her emotions), she is really "diesel-engine" like. She will not feel, not feel, not feel, not feel, nothing... nothing... nothing... still nothing... and then ding! ding! ding! meltdown! And... when it happened during these IMSA races (its the teams first season in this competition), normally is was a time when she was seemingly doing well but then a backmarker from another class swirves just a bit too unpredictibly or even a car from the Daytona prototypes class (they are faster) passes by her and she wasnt paying attention but then she said: "Ok sorry guys I cant do this. Can I leave the car, please?" In the most casual, articulate tone possible, but her inner child is like: "I cant I cant I cant I cant! Get me out of this metal coffin PLEASE! PLEASE! IM GONNA DIE! IM GONNA DIE!"" Ok.... Ok I think thats all

Her number is also "888". She... just wanted that to be her number. And because no one else on the grid really had it... the organisers said... "Sure then..."

Honestly, coming up with Flora, then making her autistic, then giving her a Gillette Vertigo, then making her a privateer driver, then making her an ex-victim of a loser situation, I think it was a great idea.

Okay, Flora, basically, I don't know their exact interaction yet, but I think this is how it can start. She is in qualifying, right? She's in qualifying, everybody thinks she's really good, she gets really happy, then like that is after she goes through physical preparations, which she at the start found incredibly difficult, and she really suffered through it, but she managed to, like, I'm not gonna get into it, honestly, I'm not gonna get into it, but it was really intense, okay? But she also had gained extra confidence,  built confidence from her preparations, the test run and would have liked her results, and then eventually she's on qualifying in this race in Laguna Seca, with her does some laps in pre-practice, as it goes more or less according to plan. Some mishaps happen... and then she goes into the actual qualifying, right? She gets into the circuit, out the pit straight, she joins the circuit as safely as she can, heading into the first hairpin, and suddently sees herself surrounded by hornet swarms of cars go by, she gets scared because... well... it's her first time on a race track, and then her inner child is like: "oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, okay, keep calm, keep calm, right?" But the composed exterior tested on the radio would say like this, in a neutral, matter-of-fact tone:  "hey, there are some cars on the faster class going by me, like... way faster... so Im letting them by" but then the radio says, no, those are the same class as you, and she, and even her composed exterior says, "W- WH-... what?"

I feel like the corvette really fits gonzo tho. it fits one important thing: His assertiveness:  I think he is assertive, yes. But doesnt overstep boundaries, basically. Competitive but not intrusive

Do you know who Flora reminds me of? I think she's a somewhat more autistic version of Lewis Hamilton

No, honestly, the poor girl is not gonna do it alone. It's gonna, the mechanic is gonna have to, like, address her. When she comes back into the pits, after she's done some laps, which are underpaced because she obviously lacks confidence after witnessing a lot of that, but then they tell her: "remember, there is a, we've explained this to you, okay? We've told you this car was an experiment. We told you we were the perfect driver for that car, okay? Do you know why? Because the way this car shines isn't in the straight line speed, it's in the corners. Because the way cars are assigned to classes is not purely because of straight line speed, it's because of balance of performance." And then they try to explain her the formula, and she understands, she realizes, and she gets, and then she gets determined.

Because the experiment they made was, okay, we found, basically it was a friend that found her, and then she took her karting, she was really good, and then they noticed that, so they reached out: "hey, your friend might have a personality that might fit our experiment" and their experiment was a Gillet vertigo, and they liked her because she had this really sensitive and intuitive, like, kind of cognition that would be perfect to, just measure every bump that the car goes through, to be able to really make most of it, you know, that's how they chose her.

I think the theme song of Jessica is: "Makka by Yuyoyuppe"
Gonçalo is: "Carbon Kid by alpine stars"
Flora's is: "Shy FX and T Power - Rock The Boat feat Di"

A few advanatages/disadvantages:
-1- She gets easly overwhelmed during pack racing and her brain might clamp itself off during pack racing, making her go passive and get constantly distracted by the other cars around her
-2- She would covertly *hate* driving on harder compound tyres. She would not tell it to anybody... and she would hate it, even though she preserves them really well. Which would be a problem because, with her tire massaging gift mixed with solid pace for a newcomer, she would be the perfect leading driver in 1-stop strategies (specially during heavy rain).
-3- She could... simply drive WAY too hesitantly in an F1 car for a large chunk of her first and/or second years. She was used to the Gillet Vertigo and in autistic people, habits, when honed, groove into your brain like train tracks.
+4- But she would be *royalty* in the rain. even while distracted by the pack, her acute awareness of the car's behaviour, even if half toned down, would allow her to find grip in very specific spots she would abuse with no hesitation. She would be like that one friend who you just cant argue with because they think about their responses so thoroughly and thoughtfully