Lenor art goes hard (here):

Type: Musical Single
Genre: Maidcore
Title: Dorei the Maid: Pathetic Creatures (Straight, but credited, youtube reupload with anime thumbnail. I have no musical talent.)
Desc: Sigh... I did not have such a good day, you know? Its always been the same since I got out of college... I have no actual friends, my old High School peers see me as nothing but a mere anoying inconvenience, all days are the same, all the days... are definitely days though... with 24 hours, a day, a night... job... eating... bathroom and sleeping. Its pretty cool! Ive also not got.... uhhhhh.... a..... a.... b...... bo-....... boy-.... boyfrie-.....-nd yet too.... Its fine... lifes pretty good! Job... games... patients... reports... anime... ya... its... ful...filling. Im only 17 too soo... thats cool... Im... proud of.. myself, yes. Its... cool. Psychiatrist position too... my own office... Those bastards in Highschool are campers. Those bastards in college are dumb. My parents eat solid DooDoo and my patients are allways absolute, pathetic losers. Do you know those campers in Call Of Duty? You know... Like... those that dont memorize the maps and just stay in the same spot during whole rounds, not moving... They just stay zoomed in to the same fucking ladder or window the whole game. Its like they are. Fucking. Autistic! You get in their face and they immediatly start shooting everywhere... except me, of course, like junk fucking robots! You move like two centimeters and they take like 2 seconds to realize it! And then, they realize it and then you move aga- like theyre fucking dumb! Theyre so damn Stupid! Pathetic bags of cake stuffing! All they do is consume glucose. Thats all they are for! They are the tunnel vision retard generation. Like... They all choose a life where they only want one thing and they are so hyperfixated and urrrgggnnn!!! Theyre like bacteria in a petri dish! They bump into another bacteria, dodge. Bump into another. Dodge. Bump. Dodge. Dumb! Grrrrhnnn!!!! And they are so pathetic! You tell them the shit you are suposed to say and they are like: "Ohhhh.... Thanks! That is soooo smart!" No its not! Youre just super retarded! Why dont you buy a better brain? I heard they sell those on the black market nowdays... you should check one out, you slimmy, slug, grime producing thingy! One with actual wrinkles on it, too! They shoot like  3/4 of their clip into space and then realize i am like 8 degrees to their left it pisses me off! Its the same for my parents, my highschool peers, my college professors (Uuurrrggggghhhhhnnnn!!!!.Their vapid yapping makes me want to fucking blow up! They are the absolute worst!), my college peers are like crash test dummies! Theyre on their way to that, at least, with the trash they eat and drink all fucking day... fucking degenerates... and then they end up in my office where I have to yap about the same shit over. And over. And over again! Imagine being such a loser that you need ALCOHOL in any way, like, full stop! Imagine needing it at all! And you know what? God should launch an update! Like... tear all this shit appart and rebuild it from scratch. All the npcs use bethesda AI anyway... And the other half. DOES. NOT. WANT. TO. BE. HERE!
I feel like the therapist when the credit card declines and they are a black buffalo calf that ended up suddently alone and faced with a lion because they were coincidentally good at math. 