Name: Jaqueo
Age: 16 (M)
Type: (Very existentially frail) Human.
Height: 156cm
Weight: 50kg
Build: Scrawny body with baggy, fruit fly, black, retinaless, glossless eyes. Flares up with paranoid, overwhelmed, and pale face  with glossy eyes when insecure or worried... gets jumpy. Messy, short, black hair, Wears glasses when not playing sports... has difficulty seeing close. Has visible ribs, a fait set of abs, thin, but rather normal looking limbs, Has very, very, very sharp reflexes. His eyes are big... described as a "Human tarcio". Wears really oversized tshirts, equally oversized tshirts, (Always grey scale tones... all plain)... Wears sneakers. Has supremely good eyesight and hearing. His skin, even when not insecure, is pretty pale by default.
Build: This human camera plays for Mafaldas 5th tier team. He walks rather awkwardly and hesitantly... with not much deliberation behind his movement. Is very ticklish. Very spacey. Fan of Osaka from Azumanga daioh. Gets overwhelmed in class and asks for bathroom breaks "because its urgent" (Its not... hes just fed up with all the fuss). Academically... gets by. Does not study. Period. Is incredibly perceptive and makes surprisingly sharp remarks for someone who does not follow the contents of class that digilently... His studious peers get confused at him. Overall... no one really understand him. He feels like everyone secretly hates him and mocks him behind his back, (with little evidence to back it up). he seems so shaky outside... but when he speaks... his voice comes out... clear cut and confident. Is a chronic, hopeless perfectionist.
This boy thrives on being invisible, although he craves validation. Sees himself more of a disruptor/observator hybrid than any standard attacker/defender/strategist. This recent recruit from Mafalda does not run, do feints, shoot, pass or even communicate very well. But... he is still essential. Although the team he plays on is in the 5th tier of National Football, He naturally already has the tactical sense of a player deserving of a place at a low tier premier tier team. He goes to places, covers space... reads the game... does mind games with attackers. "His presence akin to an invisible white hole... when there, nothing approaches". His ability to effortlessly force even the most strongly made triangles into a benign back pass is uncanny... that is... if his team is following him. Uses his teamates around him and does excellent tackles for a 5th tier player. His short passing is... sufficient... His ability to read the vibe of a game seemingly instantaenously to know immediatly where he should be is... his bread and butter. "What? Cant you do that? *confused*". "I am not a thief, a brawler, a mage or even a warrior. I am... a blob of invisible, colorless, tasteless, odorless gas. That casts invisible force fields that fend foes away... with its presence. I crush the defense... with simple denial of space. Space is my friend... I know it. It knows me. It tells me all the secrets... the videos that ive watched... told me 1 thing: im not a freestyler... or a shooter... heck... even a playmaker! I cannot lead for crap! Or even run! You know what I am? No... Im not a footballer... Im not even an athlete! I am... quite literally... a waste... of space... and thats why... I was chosen." "If I was a disease... I would be polyneuropathy... Simply put me there... I am a pipe clog... a pipe clog with brains and feet... with a penchant for gulping on the vibe of the game... like hot morning soup. Im a radiostalker". His chronic perfectionism has put him in trouble before... at 14... in a soccer match... he literally quit... half way through the game... by taking his jersey off and throwing it aside... untying his cleets and walking straight off the pitch without glancing at anybody during his walkout and stomping and kicking the grass enraged... because... when he could not stop the best attacking trio in the league entirely on his own... as his team was distracted... its because it was "all my fault" and "I should stick to manga reading". Very vague, floaty and metaphorical communication style. Gets annoyed when people dont understand his almost exclusively metaphorical communication style.

