Name: Komak
Type: Maid.
Age: 45 (F)
Weight: 80kg
Height: 180cm
Build: Tall, imposing. Purple maid outfit with white trimming and apron reaching down to the ankles. Heavy, trecking boots. Right bionic arm adjusted manually. It is powered by a chonky clock-like battery cell. (its big. its just the type that is "clock like".) her eyes always hint at hidden secrets she does not quite want to share, and also moods she does not quite know how to verbalize. Walks firmly and determinedly. Very ungraceful movements. Heavy smoker voice. Rather fit for someone who does not necessarly go out of their way to grind at a gym.
Desc:Komak the Maid. ENTJ never stop on your way to a dream "I gotta see it happen. and I will" "I will have enough time for sleep and tepid moderation while on my grave than you very much)
She plays professional tour snooker (long table, colored + red, 100 point breaks type shit) She is 8th sandwiched bewteen shawn murphy and yang bing tao
A maid with an attire similar to yakuis, but reaches the ankles.
Has amber eyes, blue long hair.
Smokes on the job. Has bionic right arm. Before, she could not even hold a glass of water properly. but now, after years and years of gradual tweaking, accidents, awkwardness, innadequacy and... slapping people in the face accidentally, she can play snooker... well! Mentor for yakui the maid.
She is rather blunt, can come across as dismissive. Her words may be profound, although she expresses herself through words way more. She is a female Maid.
She has black underliner in the eyes. Shows. Does not tell. Naturally comes up with profound sayings involving concepts about death, decay, emotion and philosophy. Prefers to engage with people on her own terms. Very awkward when forced into social situations she does not expect. "They should all die. I am still metamorphising. Let me ressuscitate!" (Wait! Give me time to engage my social gears!)
Komak is known in the WST as the 3S Maid (Sub Second Shot)
Her V/D ratio against Ronnie O Sullivan is 2 to 8 
Frustrated because she almost always wins against Murphy, but cannot overtake him because he wins more overall games
Franz Kafka fan. Motorsports fan. Owns a Subaru Impreza. Likes to take it rallying with Yakui on sundays around the local trails in the woods. Yakui loves it and takes shrooms in the car. Komak smokes Malboros.
Scandinavian flicks, slow speeds that feel like full throttle in tight and jumpy roads surrounded by trees, gravel in the plastic, minimalistic interior, Dust dried up in the windshield, coughing from animals behind... "30 kph into  hairpin after jump... there we go..." Goes copilot yakui... "keep it going wide left, wide right with descent. 90 degree turn, forward, left, 180 hairpin and finish..." *1 minute before komak even gets to the 90 degree turn* The subaru is always repainted with the same specific color with which it came from factory
Komak has alexithymia. She may have incredible ammounts of sheltered anger against something, and even speak in a tone that makes it evident, which intimidates people due to her overall demeanour and deep, strong voice, but when asked about it, simply answer: "Well... I guess... Idk... anyways I have to get something done. If you want anything........... CALL ME, UNDERSTAND?!". She tries Yakuis drugs so she can understand emotions.