Name: Lesbia Lesbianna
Type: Human
Age: 17(F)
Height: 167cm
Weight: 63kg
Build: Lesbia Lesbianna is the darkly dark darkness queen of darkly dark darkness. Broken shell of a forgotten world layed upon us with intentions. The darkly dark darkness dark queen of the black void is a lesbian She has eyeliner that looks like a 80 thickness paint.net straight line. Her makeup is so much that she has 0.9 albedo. Her clothes have exactly 0.001345 albedo. It has to be to avoid a 0 division. Lesbia lesbianna hates Men, Cars, meat, capitalists, school, her parents and she dwells in the dark shadows of her bedroom thinking about Linkin park, and 90s doom metal and ordering expensive, badass clothes. She lovs the anarchy, the socialism, the capitalism and anarchic capitalism. She likes to dom people. She is dom. Also... her bdsm is Dominatrix. She is broken and she is a psicopathic killer. She is very neurological and psychological. her scent is of expired make up from El Corte Inglês. She likes to kiss your boyfriend and eat your cereal before you wake up. The fiend! She likes a cat and she is a cat because she is alone and just does her own thing and she is loner wolf and feels lonely while around a crowd. Lesbia Lesbianna is smart and deep and philosophical and spiritual and lyrical and individual and introvert. She is INTJ 7w8 (but sometimes INFJ 7w8 tooo. Sometimes she is so broken she is both) Lesbia Lesbianna has 0.001345 albedo hair, 100% absorption rate pupils, 95% albedo skin. But she also has a soul and is kind and can be friendly when she wants to.

Quotes from the cringe queen:
"I am Noemia de Sousa. I am 25 years old and a college student currently enrolled in a politics course, in an university located in Manchester City, England, UK. I spend most of my time alone... and thats basically it. I enjoy cooking, when I have the energy for it, spending time sporadically with people I find slightly less draining than the average, I study reasonably consistently and I love drawing, writing, listening to MMA podcasts and Making rock music with aformentioned slightly less draining friends. I love make up. I like going to natural product stores and looking up natural recipies for make up... as my skin is fairly sensitive to a really wide selection of conventional cosmetic products. (Ive gotten a crap ton of rashes from using normal makeup... which... due to the ignorance that led me to realise it, contributed to like 95% of all bullying contributions. The other 5% being the fact I am annoying, believe stupid crap, and have stupid, shitty, unproductive thoughts no one wants to listen to.) I usually hang around in the places at college with the best ratio of secluded to closest to the "center of mass of where all my classes are that day". My friends think I am annoying... and... it doesnt really reciprocate as I really need them by my side and I cant really complain so... yeah... anyways... I love looking myself when I wear makeup... because it hides me. Thats about it really. Anyways... My favourite fighter is John Jones... because its cathardic how much of an asshole he can be and still have fans cheer him on every single time he beats one more guy up... who probably was less of a degenerate than him. During intermission from classes, I head to the most secluded parts of the department I currently had classes on... sit next to a wall, hug my knees and cry. And while I am redfaced with my cheeks growing hotter as my eyes strain themselves and scramble to find just one more tear... and my hormones scramble just to find ONE emotion I havent felt yet... one more emotion for me to be aware of. And If someone sees me... redfaced... teary eyed... with bookers on my nose, wheezing... with my eyes red like eggs that were incubated instead of refrigerated... but then died half way to conception, I simply hiss at them and tell them to piss off. If they approach them again, I stay completly silent and keep crying like before until, either the heat death of the universe, or they go away. Everything looks the same to me... Do you know how I feel? I feel like I am a minecraft... thing. A player entity. Im just a label with a model. The model being empty inside: This minecraft thing has 2 components. Lets talk about the first component: The first component is a nametag. The nametag says: "INFJ" Thats it. The other component... is a human someone attached to it last minute. I let my INFJ licence plate shine when others take a peek. I hate how shallow and insignificant it feels. The fact I cant stop labeling myself. Forcing myself to make sense. Make sense in a way that protects me. My god how much I miss middleschool... when I did not have to belong to a spreadsheet to be acknowledged... My god... playing tasty planet on the mini laptop before class... everyone on the recess area excitedly laughing, using them as background music for my secretive adventures. Eating lunch in the cafeteria and talking to random kids in the lunch line. Kids I would never see again but always remember. My god... how much I miss my thoughts meaning something. But at the same time, it never trully changed. Always lonely always hesitant. Never ceasing to act distant, looking through the window at the stars around the white bright cressant... I wasnt under MBTI's spell, wondering if people with darker clothes suddently turn flourescent... I knew nothing but homework, scrapping my knees in the grass and, as I head back home, believing I would receive some unexpected present. But still... my god... whats the difference... between a lung and a bone.... an INFJ and its human appendix... a human and the ground... the ground and the trees... the trees and the sky... and the sky and the universe? I think there is none... none at all. Everything is a nuance. Everything is a shade of grey of eachother... everything... since I was about like... what? Eight? has grown greyer... and greyer... and greyer... First... gradually... the hues all disappeared in like... 2 years from all the rash related bullying because no doctors happened to understand why I kept getting rashes... Then it all became grey. Then... the grey tones began melding with eachother... becoming another shade of grey... that grey shade of grey melding with another... until I was about 19. Now.... everything is god damn grey. Everything is grey. My weeping internal flame too weak to make me see clearly. Because thats what my identity is: a mishmash of candy crush ash mixed with the trash I consume to bash the parts of the me the world cant see. There isnt even black and white. Im a number with a body. A id number with volume and mass. I dont know anymore... Im blind... Im lost... and I need help... somewhere... anyone... can... anyone... hear me? Please... please..."

I feel like her soul... she, herself, is the battlefield... between the pagani zonda r... and the fiat panda.

But I feel like... the existence of both... simulataneously... is beautyful