I do value trans  rights. Imagine youre a trans girl turned man. You transitioned in your last high school year. you head to college. You get friends n stuff. They dont talk down or anything and are pretty respectful. not what you expected, actually. You then go through college with pretty much the same struggles as everybody else in the course you chose - lets say electronic engineer-. you always tweaked and tinkered with devices and had an aptitude for groundbreaking inventiveness. so you decide that you want to become some sort of inventor. You dont know the details, though as you are still pretty young. Anyways thats your backstory. now back to the plot. You struggle because the course is challenging, theres no time, the people of your prefered gender look distractingly attractive, you feel insecure and lonely... the usual "in your 20s" main dish. So you get out of the adaptation phase and actually start thriving. nice. you get reasonable grades and join a few clubs. Lets say you join the robotics club. you find your tribe there. you invent, laugh and cry together. keep lots of contacts. then... you finish your degree. You go try and find a job. But... something weird starts happening: companies consistently pick people around you who are ... effectively innadequate in comparison to you. "Maybe its their resume... need to improve my resume" "maybe I need to be more outgoing" "exude more aura" but in  future interview, the employer accidentally gets a little too honest and spills the beans:  "You know... theres alot of controversy around you people... people like you, you know?... the drama... the politics... It would not be a good look for our company... Sorry..." So... here you are. Wasting away your days trying... minding your business... making friends... heading to interviews in butt fuck nowhere through rain, traffic jams and insecurity over your skills... just minding your business and dreaming at the same time... only to be told your unfitness comes from something you cannot change anymore. 


THAT is why I respect the trans people alot. not because they are clingy degens like you.