Type: Musical Single.

Album: Flesheater.

Artist (original): Meyer.

Artist (Writter): Adriano Valente

Track title: it wont matter

Vibe:

When I came to college... it was all like having a fever dream. Ive met people who were tall, but I was already used to it. It wasnt the people who were tall that surprised me. There were college students with the stature of fifth graders... And im not just talking about you. And people of so many colors and sizes. I just wasnt used to it. It was exhilerating. it was fun. But it was overwhelming. And my grades showed it. I barely studied specifically for subjects. I just wanted to play with programming and math and invent things that were cool. It was my refuge. My validation. I felt so suffocated by feeling like I was being pulled in 40 different directions. Plus I was alone... and in my second year... my grandma died.... I had to start living alone... inexperienced and... confused... I know it may sound cowardly... but this experience made me go from being reluctant to change, to loathing change altogether

yet... I already had to adapt so much prior to college... I never had the mind structure for conventional education... it all felt unecessarly competitive and stiffling... it may sound cheesy... but I feel like I just wasnt made for school

It wont matter. Across my desk lies a beacon of light showering me in my own ideas. Ruminating on myself for a living, I extract nutrients from my own brain children. I leave my bedroom to eat, to shop, defecate and shower. My friends tell me they wanna talk, but that doesnt reel me. My mentors say they wanna help me, but that doesnt inspire me. My doctors say Im dying but that doesnt bother me. In my room creating and lustly pushing myself for just one more idea, one more nuance, one more understood pattern, I chat with bots for research. I game my stress away by galvanizing myself in post-frustration clarity. I create programs with strange elusive bugs that no one will ever understand. Thats my life. I create things. I dont want to change the world or prove anything to anyone ever again anymore. I indulge in my essence... introspective and calm... away from all the futility in the outside world. In my own little world I make myself heard and understood... understanding the world in the process. it may sound delusional,  cliché or even just an excuse... but the real world... doesnt appeal to me. All the complaining and fighting and squabbling between people who ought to have already found their niche... their place in the world... it stings because I find it scary how toxic it makes people become. All the news and politics, all the laws and all the trends... I dont care about any of that. I dont want to care about any of it. I must not care about any of it. Because the silvery, streaming river of light that is my energy shall stay pure, healthy and balanced... as everyone should be. I reflect on my highschool days, previous college days... and all the self doubt that spread across my brain like some rabbit infestation.  They jumped around and made so much noise... crunching on anything important... ruining anything I just had built... All the identity issues and all the not-fitting-in... its all over now. Because ive abandoned all of it. Ive abandoned everyone and now all I see is me, in a mirror... naked. I see the ribs, I see the shivering skin from the december cold... and the nosebleeds from the guild driven stress of not comforming to what I suposedly ought to be. People say I dont work hard. But I do. Believe me. I just dont let it show. because you dont need to know. It wont matter. None of it will matter in the end. All we are are thinking reeds... and thinking alot I do. Thinking grounds me, not just in self consciousness... but also in awareness and... sometimes... even clarity. And thats what I live for. Not for some notion of "settling down" or "manning up". Im an explorer... and as long as I havent seen it all... touched it all or felt it all... I wont stop moving. I will keep moving as long as the blood still flows strong and the heart beats loud. As long as I am excited for tomorrow I have purpose. Not some shallow notion of "saving the world" or being a "responsible citizen", because it may sound arrogant... but Im too smart, way too over it all to care. And so should you too. And so you are too. Everyone is. We live in a time when only everything with a clear and simple definition is acceptable in reality. But guess what? None of what ive ever achieved is... and yet... I still live. And Im still here. So drop all those notions, all those tough guy acts of "you should do this" "you should  do that". Advice is as limited as it can get. Because humans evolved through exploration. Not through advice. So if my experimentation ends in failure... so be it. It wont matter... because as long as My blood still flows hot and my heart beats sharp and my eyes still work... who becomes president, which gender gets less money and who the better student in my class is... will always be the least of my concerns. It wont matter guys. So please, rest easy. Tonight... head to the mirror in your bathroom... look straight in your own eyes... and just let sink in... The eyes of all of your deceased loved ones... they roam all around... and dig themselves up and down and up...epi-meso-hypo dermis... epi-meso-hypo.... hypo-meso.... epi again. They are red... from the blood they soak themselves in... from the essence that flows through you... the ones that passed away and now live inside your soul, also of the deceased friendships you let go, the ongoing partnerships of life you still manage to keep... and just how much you miss being your true self. Embrace the adversities that trully define you. The ones that trace the contours of the shape of your essence... your weaknesses and strenghts. Doubts, enemies and virtues. The inner demon. The inner angel. Real adult adversities. The adversities that trully matter. Embrace those. Those are... what life trully is. And the purpose of it.