Yakui the Maid... in a quest to make her chemically packaged moods and feelings reach people in a legitimate way... knowing she, self procramingly, "is only good at chemistry", And taking advantage of her degree and license as a chemist, She invented a profession! She Invents drugs to share with people, making contracts about each one before going on a journey to share them. The contract includes a generic header template and then a full description of the effects of the drug.... as written by a friend of hers who makes them, including technical details like side effects physiological effects and side effects. She is beginning by going from door to door asking people to try them, to gain traction, trust and legitimacy from people. And... now she can also monetise her efforts and passion! This is an example of a contract she made of the drug she called "Chlorine of Bring Me Back #2007":

"Ok... the terms are basically all made from the same template: It starts with generic stuff: "Both parties agree to this if you sign it, Yakui the Maid is a licensed chemistry performer, You are a human with consent... and then what changes is the effects and side effects of the drug! Im basically like the cookie door2door scout girls, but with drugs!

The effects of this one are:
Name: Chlorine of Bring Me Back #2007 (CBMB-2007-2.5)
Type: Injectible.
Dose: 2.5 mL
Vibe/Effects: Nostalgia. A feeling of melancholic longing mixed with sadness and fondness. A feeling of lightweight joy mixed with heavy 'Saudade'(1). A feeling of walking in an old Mediterranic village... old cars... dusty windows... old, abandoned sports courts. Cafés... the elderly bantering... Repeating sunsets that drag you further and further below... making you feel stuck, yet grateful. Feeling exposed, yet protected. Feeling powerful yet fragile. Feeling passionate, yet calm.

Effects: Mild psychosis, slowed heart rate, decreased blood intensity.
Lowered senses. Mind clarity enhancement. Lowered agression.

Side effects: Some emotional desensitization, some reactivity. Sleepyness.

(1)- Portuguese term for a feeling of loss or grieving that sits dissolved in a sea of fatalism and unapolagetic passion. Melancholic and calm feeling of unprocessed finality."

